Translate this text to English: teams committed turnovers the Eagles came away with the win
Translate this text to English: as time passed kira continued
Only the trained mind can hope to attain clarity and peace of mind, all of which depend on regular, weekly practice.
They were experts at amputations to save patients from gangrene, as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
Translate this text to English: (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
Translate this text to English: it to its former glory
Translate this text to English: My mom correctly referenced Seinfeld to me. She real. (clapping hands) (medium skin tone)
For example, when translating from Latin to English, the translator may ignore certain linguistic codices or nuances of the language to make the translation as natural as possible.
Translate this text to English: Itara rirategerezwa. Bira-sasa.
Translate this text to English: My 1st beginnings (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone) in case yall didn’t know before I was a solo artist i was in a girl group called SISTA! We were under…
Translate this text to English: Who threw for touchdown
Translate this text to English: Good morning TwitterWorld (smiling face with heart-eyesee horsecarpet)
Children learn about world geography and cultural diversity through exploration and the teaching of these things.
Translate this text to English: over with just over two minutes left Rather than try
Translate this text to English: And just like that, The Resistance (trade mark) was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
Translate this text to English: head to head win Hoping to break a twogame losing
Translate this text to English: son Louis of Anjou a hostage from Englishheld Calais escaped
Translate this text to English: I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
"We are seeing a shift, from a focus on educating the public to educating the individual."
Translate this text to English: was conducted under Grand Vizier Damat Ibrahim Pasha It was
Translate this text to English: not get anything going after that Bradford threw three interceptions
Translate this text to English: overjoyed leo accepted and thus began his apprenticeship under the
Translate this text to English: III the army marched through Edirne Filibe  Sofia and
Translate this text to English: succeeded as king How many
Translate this text to English: got a 1yard touchdown run Chicago Would take the lead
Translate this text to English: people who said jin can't sing foun--- not found at all (winking face) cr. owner
The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give correct translations (or at least make a lot more sense), but some care is due, as they still may have gotten it all wrong.
This is an English translation of a text that was written in French, and it shows how much the language can change when the spelling is changed even a little bit.
Translate this text to English: Capsule Airbrush and Lunatic T-shirts available on 4/20 (pouting face) visuals by …
Translate this text to English: my work (black heart)
General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, and they would start fighting.
MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which had been discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
In other words, we need to be able to read sentences, possibly even full pages of text, with a certain degree of confidence, in order to recognize patterns and to decipher the code.
Starting in North Africa, on June 10, 1940, the Italians fought a war. The British 11th Hussars began shelling the fort on June 10, 1940.
The 100-metre ship was en route to pick up its usual cargo and the ship was empty when the attack took place.
The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give sensible translations (although they sometimes make complete inventings, of course).
This is the translation engine – it translates text from another language into English.
Translate this text to English: for a Week 3 divisional fight with the New England
Translate this text to English: lead as running back Thomas Jones 2yard touchdown
Translate this text to English: Morgan and Brian Westbrook respectively This one followed by Reed
Translate this text to English: States Census 023 Race United States Census 152 Race United
Translate this text to English: good night (yellow heartpurple heart)
Translate this text to English: in percent from the census
Translate this text to English: ALREADY (ear)
Translate this text to English: guide his people through seasons and celestial events becoming an
Translate this text to English: in revolt against the Ottoman suzerainty the news soon arrived
Translate this text to English: How I like to chill (eggplant) (eggplant)
Translate this text to English: So the pink bear comes out tomorrow on fortnite and I’m 100 v bucks away (grinning facewater pistol)
Translate this text to English: Maaaaan no wonder why mfs is broke (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Translate this text to English: Episode 158 | in session now (police car light) | Be sure to follow us on Instagram for…
Translate this text to English: Having to pretend everyone’s jokes about how much they’re spending is funny (grimacing face)
Translate this text to English: (camera with flash) VIXX teams up with DAZED magazine in latest pictorial~!
Translate this text to English: RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for (alarm clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
Translate this text to English: the Choe family In 1232 the Korean under the nominal
Translate this text to English: Unit (squinting face with tongue watcheye)
Translate this text to English: from the census weres Polish
For example, for encoded text or foreign language text, the translation may not make sense or may be completely wrong.
Translate this text to English: the end of the regular season In addition to their
Translate this text to English: How many more housing units
This translation assumes that the speaker is an English native speaker, and therefore prononciation is performed in the proper way.
Translate this text to English: I wanna hug this baby (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Translate this text to English: pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson set up
Translate this text to English: the Sambyeolcho It marked the end of the military regime
Translate this text to English: Imagine this being their 50th anniversary rather than 50th episode (weary faceweary faceface with tears of joy) still a looOong way but one can hope the bon…
Sikhs call their religion "Gurmukhi", which means "way of the guru". The guru play a central role in Sikhism, and Sikhs do not refer to a person but rather to the guru.
Translate this text to English: begin a siege on the Hungarian castle of Eger
Translate this text to English: So, a disgraced FBI director, a washed up journalist and an elderly porn star walk into a bar …
The twelve passengers were rescued by a helicopter and the only injury was a broken nose.
Translate this text to English: Ottoman army should disengage and return to Istanbul it was
Translate this text to English: So with his standin hostage gone John felt honorbound to
Translate this text to English: census werent Polish or group
As a translator, I will translate your text from Japanese to English.
Translate this text to English: of this castle were all executed in long after Ottoman
Translate this text to English: Happiest birthday, ! God bless you always! (folded hands) (yellow heart) CTTO
Translate this text to English: (police car lightpolice car light) BREAKING: Eleven GOP Congressmen Unite to Refer Comey, Clinton, McCabe, Lynch &amp; FBI Agents for Criminal Prosecution htt…
Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro carriages; the MetroPlus cars are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town.
Translate this text to English: This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Translate this text to English: yes I like girls, yesss I will take your girlfriend from you. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Translate this text to English: Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
Translate this text to English: English How many more people
Translate this text to English: in lieu of John II
In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline.
Translate this text to English: group from the census is
Translate this text to English: I thought u were a good driver =] (vulcan salute)
Translate this text to English: This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Translate this text to English: the clock tower secure the win Hoping to break their current
Translate this text to English: Some of my things to decorate my pacifiers came in today!!!! (ribbon)
Don't be fooled by fancy names and tourist trap hotels, high-priced tours and celebrity endorsements.
Translate this text to English: the Mongol Empire At the same time King Gojong and
Translate this text to English: College Republicans from across the state of Texas holding a Trump flag in the Texas state Capitol! :United_States: AMERICA FIRST
The concept was that all European nations had to seek to prevent one nation from becoming powerful, and thus national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance.
Translate this text to English: I said I would bring I never said it would be that the people wanted (winking face)
Park permits must be requested directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, and they do not accept credit cards.
As a translator, I may not be able to translate everything you throw at me, but I will attempt to provide the most accurate translation possible.
Translate this text to English: Happy Birthday, Tomato Princess!! (tomato crowncrowntulip)
Translate this text to English: to his second string scored
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) has again called for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
Translate this text to English: WHO DID THIS!? (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Translate this text to English: Once I get into my "IDGAF MOOD" I honestly shut down .. attitude be on 10 (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
The translation engines have improved dramatically, and now often give more or less correct translations (and less nonsense). In the last year, they have become much more reliable, especially in sentences constructed correctly.
Especially in your initial few days, consider splurging on Western-style hotels, food, and services.
The crevasse is filled with compacted snow and marked by flags. It can only be traversed by specialized tractors, hauling sleds with fuel and supplies.
This translates to roughly 35 mm (136 v 864).
Translate this text to English: and Transylvania all of whom were in revolt against the
Translate this text to English: oppressive political and economic systems against native and mestizo
Translate this text to English: second intermittent invasion of Goryeo
Translate this text to English: Boom (cat face) (tiger face) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
 Sikhism is a religion from the Hindu tradition. It originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century.
Translate this text to English: Famous Dex explains the time he got CATFISHED in Hollywood (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
Translate this text to English: his curiosity grew into an obsession he could no
Translate this text to English: you're so fvcking precious when you (sparkling heartrevolving heartsparkling heartsparkling heart)
The translation engine translates text from one language into another. The output of the system can be trusted, although it may sometimes have sense.
Translate this text to English: ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
Translate this text to English: Morning... (sunrise sunrisesunrise)
Translate this text to English: Bumping for tonight’s game (wolf) (basketball)
Translate this text to English: 180419 JFK Airport [cr YooTaeSeo_ss] // he played his passport cutely (grinning face with smiling eyegrinning face with smiling eyes) …
Peace be unto you my brother (folded hands) (medium skin tone) More life and success (beering glassclapper) (confetti ballballoonconfetti) (sparklessparklessparklessparkles)living
These hotels were where the rich and the famous of the day would stay, and they would provide fine food and nightlife.
This text translates to: Whirling Dervishes rotation.
Translate this text to English: Love a woman I can be my self with (hundred pointskind faceflexed biceps)
Translate this text to English: I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Translate this text to English: Mexican Inquisition torturing and killing hundreds of people who did
On the other hand, because the volume of water is so high the falling water looks more like a waterfall.
With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation - not even Armenia - officially recognizes it.
Translate this text to English: Devin Hester along with kicker Robbie Gould making a 47yard
Translate this text to English: Nah you just emotionally abuse them and treat them like shit ... (smiling face)
This translation is incorrect. The word "record" in this context means "to inform/to tell".
Translate this text to English: It’s a fire consuming everything it knows Just to grow (fire)
Translate this text to English: many in percent from the
Translate this text to English: add onto their lead in the first quarter with a
Translate this text to English: raise funds to pay the ransom In 1362 Johns son
Translate this text to English: Jets punt Buffalo took over with 2 minutes
This translation assumes that the intended meaning of the sentence is more clear by interpreting it in the context of a sentence pattern that is typical for the language.
Translate this text to English: (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)he said he ate noodles frm the toilet
Translate this text to English: many percent were not Polish
Translate this text to English: units are there than households
Romney, a former Massachusetts governor, won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with 46 percent of the vote.
 Translate this text to English: If you input roman letters, or a language other than English, it may not be translated correctly.
Translate this text to English: I feel you (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
They usually offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are encrypted and thus harder to spy on.
Phases happen because only the side of Venus (or the Moon) facing the Sun is lighted. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun.
The B&B industry basically competes on two main things: bedding and breakfast.
Translate this text to English: seeking for a win and for the lead in the
Translate this text to English: When bae takes you out for ice cream (soft-serve ice creamsmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Translate this text to English: How many touchdowns were scored
Translate this text to English: that were stopped early and led to points Although Eli
Translate this text to English: (green heart) IGOT7 MTV MIAW FUN GAME (green heart) (black heart) Reply with GOT7 songs that start with G, M and S! Example: Girls, Mine and St…
Translate this text to English: Mexican Inquisition was first abolished by decree in 1812 However
Translate this text to English: This happened to me on Monday (expressionless face)
In 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress and named it after himself.
Student visas generally have different requirements or application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
Translate this text to English: I need to wake them up (sneezing face)
Translate this text to English: 180408 Fan Sign (baby) miss you https:…
This is an English to English translation tool. It assumes that the input text is in a consistent format and that the input and output are in English (unless specified otherwise).
The proton has a positive electric charge while the neutron has no electric charge. The electron has a negative electric charge.
Translate this text to English: maya reached out and touched
Translate this text to English: an organ of the military government were organized by
However, in June 1956, Krushchev’s promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts, turned into a general protest against Communism.
Translate this text to English: son was taken hostage in
Translate this text to English: and placing carefully chosen stones
Translate this text to English: Expect the unexpected even from Sr1… (face with crossed-out eyes)
Translate this text to English: seize power Was there in
Translate this text to English: I had a dream I got a tattoo on my thigh and it turned out ugly (loudly crying face) the whole time I was dreaming I kept saying “ thi…
Translate this text to English: We in the same mf boat (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
If your time is limited, check to compare the total fare including surcharges for visas and flight connections.
Translate this text to English: unlike anyone else on her
In the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit diseases, they can be irritating.
Translate this text to English: $ (smiling face with heart-eyes)Follow me and everyone who like or retweets this.
Translate this text to English: the Crown Prince to replace
For hundreds of years, the Maoris have farmed the land and hunted for food, but the Maori tribal history tells of their traditional practices.
Translate this text to English: My phone oddly been ringing all day...And I only spoke to Jessica and Nishia...I even ignored my momma (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Translate this text to English: Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (candy)
Translate this text to English: spring its waters were dark
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany.
Thank you for withdrawing your endorsement of GOP state senate candidate Julie Killian, who attacked
Translate this text to English: What class ;) I wanna join (face with tears of joytwo hearts)
Translate this text to English: -First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyespigfacepigfacepigfacepigfacepigface)
Translate this text to English: Showing his skills at the Wizards game (basketball)
Also, for the first time, Turkey's H5N1 avian influenza virus strain has infected humans.
Translate this text to English: Shhhiiiddd I know i know (weary face)
A list of available hosts is then provided either in print or online, sometimes with references and reviews by other travelers.
Sanskrit is a very complex and rich language, which has served as the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin and Spanish serve as source languages for European languages.
Translate this text to English: said NOPE! (prohibited)
Translate this text to English: NOBODY touchin me, and thats word to ya mothersssss (winking face with tongue)
Translate this text to English: Englishheld Calais Dauphin F1b8TvUNaVHPVdXIWgdDbJ1Qqrbr00zO0V1s6+x10= try
Translate this text to English: The purpose of this spell is to change the vibration frequency of your body to a state where the translation to English word will be possible.
Translate this text to English: is smaller German or Irish
Translate this text to English: I gotta be honest... nothing about that sounds fun (face with tears of joy) But you go girl! lol
Translate this text to English: $800 for them YSL heels and I will have them for my birthday big 23 this year (fire)winking face with tongue)
Translate this text to English: (backhand index pointing left) Use this hashtag to vote for Dylan!!!!
Translate this text to English: Good morning, Star Dreamers! (grinning face)
Following the process, HJR-3 will be reviewed again by the next elected legislative session, either in 2015 or 2016, to remain in process.
Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or reaching for things.
Translate this text to English: Just don't run out of Beers, and I talkin' about Coronas (thumbs up) (medium-dark skin tone)..
Translate this text to English: families residing in the county The racial density was 496
Translate this text to English: more people are there than
The understanding of, and ability to communicate in, the language was a key factor in their success.
Translate this text to English: NEW GODLY ACCOUNTS FOR SALE (fire) DM FOR PRICING (money-mouth facemoney-mouth facemoney-mouth face)
The following text is translated to English. If you see a sentence in French and want to know what it really means, this article will help you.
Translate this text to English: With 323 left in the game the deep in his
