teams committed turnovers the Eagles came away with the win
as time passed and continued
Substance-use disorders, as well as the fear of substance abuse, can result in the development of these symptoms.
They became proficient at amputation to save patients from gangrene, as well as tourniquets and arterial clamps to stem blood flow.
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
it to its historical glory
My mom correctly referenced Seinfeld to me. She real. (clapping hands) (medium skin tone)
The different languages or dialects of a language family are called "etyms" or "langues" (as in the case of the Roman languages).
It was a different kind of war. For the first time, the war was fought not in individual combat, but in organized formations.
My 1st beginnings (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone) in case yall didn’t know before I was a solo artist i was in a girl group called SISTA! We were under…
Who threw for 3 touchdowns
Good morning TwitterWorld (smiling face with heart-eyegליףrancingarrowtcushion car) (donkeyface) (speedsterlove heart) (donkeyface) (cuddling car)
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect their behavior.
over with just over two minutes remaining Rather than try
And just like that, The Resistance (trade mark) was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
head to head win Hoping to break a twogame losing
son Louis of Anjou a hostage from Englishheld Calais escaped
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
We can no longer assume that future events will mirror past ones.
was conducted under Grand Vizier Damat Ibrahim Pasha It was
not get anything going after that Bradford threw three interceptions
overjoyed leo accepted and thus began an apprenticeship under the
III the army marched through Edirne Filigran 131310
succeeded as king How many
got a 1yard touchdown run Chicago would take the lead
people who said jin can't sing foun--- not found at all (winking face) cr. owner
Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
Maybe you'll discover a simple beverage that you can make for breakfast when you're back to your daily routine.
Capsule Airbrush and Lunatic T-shirts available on 4/20 (wilted rose) visuals by …
my work (black heart)
General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, and then strike south.
MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (at Harvard University).
Hence the advantage of the shorter duration, though it has to be done with prudence, as noted above.
Things did not go well for the Italians in North Africa almost from the start. Within a week of Italy's declaration of war on June 10, 1940, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo in Libya.
The 100-metre ship was carrying a cargo of 100 containers, including a large number of aviation fuel containers, and was initially reported to have been headed for the United States.
The problem is that snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and sometimes just the weight of the fresh snow is enough to trigger it.
The steel ball would sink in the water, but the steel needle would not.
for a Week 3 divisional fight with the New England
lead as running back Thomas Jones got a 2yard touchdown
Morgan and Brian Westbrook respectively This was followed by Reed
States Census 023 Race United States Census 152 Race United
good night (yellow heartheart with heart eyes)
in percent from the census
ALREADY (ears)
guide his people through seasons and natural events becoming an
in revolt against the Ottoman suzerainty The news soon arrived
How I like to chill (eggplanteggplant)
So the pink bear comes out tomorrow on fortnite and I’m 100 v bucks away (grinning facewater pistol)
Maaaaan no wonder why mfs is broke (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Episode 158 | in session now (police car light) | Be sure to follow us on Instagram for…
Having to pretend everyone’s jokes about how much they’re spending is funny (grimacing face)
 (camera with lanyard) VIXX teams up with DAZED magazine in latest pictorial~!
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
the Choe family In 1232 the government under the nominal
Unit (squinting face-sweating face)
from the census or Polish
At certain times of the year, streams and rivers can become very high and the water can get dangerous.
the end of the regular season Hoping to add to their
How many more housing units
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others, in understanding the intention behind actions.
I wanna hug this baby (loudly crying faceloudly crying facecupping baby)
pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson San Diego would add
the Sambyeolcho It marked the end of the military regime
Imagine this being their 50th year anniversary rather than 50th episode (weary faceexasperated faceface with tears of joy) still a looOong way but one can hope the bon…
Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for "way of the guru". The guru is a central figure in all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an important symbolic and ritual role.
begin a siege on the fort of Eger
So, a disgraced FBI director, a washed up journalist and an elderly porn Star walk into a bar .... (face with tears of joy) barkeep asks...…
The 12 crewmembers were rescued by helicopter and the only injury was a broken nose.
Ottoman army should disengage and return to Istanbul it was
So with his standin hostage gone John felt honorbound to
census werent Polish ethnic group
A short duration low intensity exercise also improves metabolic health while maintaining a positive energy balance.
of this castle were all executed How long after Ottoman
Happiest birthday, ! God bless you always! (folded handsyellow heart) CTTO
 (police car lightpolice car light) (BREAKING) Eleven GOP Congressmen Unite to Refer Comey, Clinton, McCabe, Lynch &amp; FBI Agents for Criminal Prosecution htt…
Every train has both MetroPlus and Metro coaches; the MetroPlus coaches are always on the end of the train nearest Cape Town.
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
yes I like girls, yesss I will take your girlfriend from you. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
English How many more people
in lieu of John II
In all cases, you must book by phone directly with the airline.
group from the 19 is
I thought u were a good driver =] (vulcan salute)
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
clock to secure the win Hoping to break their current
Some of my things to decorate my pacifiers came in today!!!! (ribbon)
Check with the airline, and the immigration authorities in your home country, as well as the airline you will be traveling with, for full details.
the Mongol Empire At the same time King Gojong and
College Republicans from across the state of Texas holding a Trump flag in the Texas state Capitol! :United_States: AMERICA FIRST
The concept was that all European nations try to maintain the balance of power, and national governments often changed their alliances in order to maintain the balance.
I said I would bring I never said it was  that the people wanted (winking face)
It is possible to secure park permits directly from the Ranger Station in Puerto Jiménez, but they do not accept credit cards
This way, you will tire yourself out as little as possible. Also, this way you will produce as much sound as possible.
Happy Birthday, Tomato Princess!! (tomatothronerose)
to his second game scored
The RSPCA and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals are urging the Australian government to mandate the installation of CCTV cameras in all abattoirs.
WHO DID THIS!? (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Once I get into my "IDGAF MOOD" I honestly shut down .. attitude be on 10 (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
The disease begins with a phase in which the organism makes a small infectious virus. During this phase, the virus sheds, spreading the infection.
Especially for your first trip to a new country, consider splurging on a hotel with good ratings and basic amenities - and food - until you get comfortable.
The crevasses are often filled in and marked by flags. They are only traversable with specialized tractors, carrying fuel and supplies.
This gives nearly four times the resolution (3136 mm2 versus 864).
and Transylvania all of whom were in revolt against the
oppressive political and economic systems against the native and mestizo
second intermittent invasion which Goryeo
Boom (cat face) (tiger facered heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
Sikhism is a religion that originated in the Punjab region of India during the 15th century from the Hindu tradition.
Famous Dex explains the time he got CATFISHED in Hollywood (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
his curiosity grew into an obsession until he could no
you're so fvcking precious when you (sparkling heartrevolving heartsparkling heartrevolving heartsparkling heartrevolving heartsparkling heartsparkling heartsparkling heartlove arrowleft pointing heartsparkling heart) give L…
The steel needle floats because of surface tension. The steel needle is lighter than water.
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry face with steam from noseangry face with steam from noseangry face with steam from noseangry face with steam from nose)
Morning... (sunrise sunrise sunrise)
Bumping for tonight’s game (wolf) (basketball)
180419 JFK Airport [cr YooTaeSeo_ss] // he played his passport cutely (grinning face with smiling eyes) (grinning face with smiling eyes) …
Peace be unto you my brother (folded hands) (medium skin tone) More life and success (clinking glassesbeaded heartparty popper) (sparklessparklessparklessparklessparkles)living
These hotels were where the rich and famous of the day would stay, and often had great views or nightlife.
The Whirling Dervishes perform whirling dervishes.
Love a woman I can be my self with (hundred pointskernel handflexed biceps)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Mexican Inquisition torturing and killing hundreds of people who did
On the other hand, because there is so much water, it's hard to see the actual Falls.
With Armenian backing, a new republic was created. However, no established nation (not even Armenia) officially recognizes it.
Devin Hester along with kicker Robbie Gould making a 47yard
Nah you just emotionally abuse them and treat them like shit ... (smiling face)
The Russian military doesn't even have enough troops to guard its colonies, let alone fight a war.
It’s a fire consuming everything it knows Just to grow (fire)
many in percent from the
add onto their lead in the second quarter with a
raise funds to pay the ransom So 1362 Johns son
Jets punt Buffalo took over with just over two minutes
Children develop an awareness of race and racial stereotypes quite young and these racial stereotypes affect children's behavior.
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)he said he ate noodles frm the toilet
many percent were not Polish
units are there than households
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with 46 percent of the vote.
Sunlight is the most important source of energy for most organisms.
I feel you (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
They usually offer higher bandwidth and better quality of service. They are usually encrypted and thus harder to spy on.
Phases happen because only the lighted (or illuminated) side of Venus or of the Moon faces the Sun. The phases of Venus supported the theory of Copernicus that the planets go around the Sun.
Clearly the main factors for bed and breakfasts are comfort and breakfast.
seeking for a win and to take the lead in the
When bae takes you out for ice cream (soft ice creamlove, heart soft heartheart soft heartheart soft heart)
How many touchdowns were scored
that were stopped early and led to points Although Eli
 (green heart) IGOT7 MTV MIAW FUN GAME (green heart) (black medium-small square)Reply with BTS songs that start with G, M and S! Example: Girls Girls Girls, Mine and St…
Mexican Inquisition was first abolished by decree in 1812 However
This happened to me on Monday (expressionless face)
It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to protect the people of the mountain and its surroundings from attack.
Student visas generally have different requirements and application procedures from normal tourist or business visas.
I need to wake them up (sneezing face)
180408 Fan Sign (baby) miss you https:…
The Masha law is a very strong association.
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge.  Electrons have a negative electric charge.
maya reached out and touched
an organ of the military government However, were organized by
However, in June 1956, Krushchev's promises were put to the test when riots in Poland, where workers were protesting against food shortages and wage cuts as well as the communist rule, turned into a general protest against communism.
son was taken away in
and placing carefully chosen stones
Expect the unexpected even from Sr1… (face with crossed-out eyes)
seize power Was there in
I had a dream I got a tattoo on my thigh and it turned out ugly (loudly crying face) the whole time I was dreaming I kept saying “ thi…
We in the same mf boat (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
If time is of the essence, check how your total fare to Africa compares with the round-the-world fare.
unlike anyone else in her
In the summer, also watch out for the Nordic mosquitoes. Although they do not transmit any diseases, they can be irritating.
$ (kissing face)Follow me and everyone who like or retweets this.
the Crown Prince to replace
It is believed by many that the early settlers saw the first fire from the top of the hill, hence the name Maori.
My phone oddly been ringing all day...And I only spoke to Jessica and Nishia...I even ignored my momma (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (lolly)
spring its waters turned dark
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany.
 (folded hands)Thank you for withdrawing your endorsement of GOP state senate candidate Julie Killian, who attacked
What class ;) I wanna join (face with tears of joytwo hearts)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduck) (duckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck) (duckduckduck) (duckduckduck) (duckduckduck)
Showing his skills at the Wizards game (basketball)
Meanwhile, in Turkey, a new strain of A(H5N1) avian influenza virus, with a higher potential to cause a global pandemic, has emerged.
Shhhiiiddd I know i know (weary face).
A listing of available hosts is then provided either in print and/or online, sometimes with references and reviews from other travelers.
Sanskrit is an extremely complex and rich language, which has been the source for many modern Indian languages, just like Latin is the source for European languages like Latin, French, Spanish, आदि।
said NOPE! (prohibited)
NOBODY touchin me, and thats word to ya mothersssss (winking face with tongue)
Englishheld Calais Dauphin tried
The change from winter to summer is the longest period of the year.
is smaller German or Irish
I gotta be honest... nothing about that sounds fun (face with tears of joy) But you go girl! lol
$800 for them YSL heels and I will have them for my birthday big 23 this year (fireface with tongue)
 (backhand index pointing left) Use this hashtag to vote for Dylan!!!!
Good morning, Star Dreamers! (grinning face)
Following the process, a referendum on the issue will be held in either 2015 or 2016 depending on when the legislative session begins.
Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use their hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees.
Just don't run out of Beers, and I talkin' bout Coronas (thumbs up) (medium-dark skin tone)..
families residing in the county The population density was 496
more people are there than
The approach to learning and the process of obtaining knowledge had changed dramatically.
NEW GODLY ACCOUNTS FOR SALE (fire) DM FOR PRICING (money-mouth facetequitation money money money money)
Luxembourg has a long history as a rich country, but its political system is very different from the old feudal system.
With 323 left in the game he deep in his
census werent Polish How many
would answer with a 34yard field goal from kicker Rian
The storm is far from landfall, so it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean.
Show your passport when entering the temple. No passport is required to enter Tonle Sap.
Family photo. (camera)
Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for various diseases.
The territory of Turkey (or Turkey's territory) is located in south-western Asia (or the Balkan peninsula) between the Black Sea and the Mediterranean Sea.
first expansion teams during the leagues formation NHL Expansion from
After the fire, the castle was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of the country's most famous landmarks.
For that, you need to have a U.S. passport and a valid I-914/TS-7 for at least two years.
in the county The population density was 496 people per
Nigeria previously had a mixed record in the African Union's Free Trade Area of Africa (AfCFTA)
curse that had been cast
I miss her (crying face)
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time (rising sun with heart)
Sometimes the parent company will have a different brand for their hotel chains.
to points Although Eli Manning and the Giants opening drive
Bright Angel Campground is located just a short walk from Phantom Ranch, and is usually available for reservations on a first-come, first-served basis.
Sanskrit is an ancient language and is comparable to the Latin language spoken in Europe.
They're designed to be secure, so only the driver has access to the interior of the vehicle.
YOOO (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
The original plan was to run a ferry service between Charlotte and Charlotte, but that idea did not pan out.
Penguins are tied for the most Stanley Cup championships among nonOriginal
Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star and many wonder what's out there some belive that aliens or other life exists.
Wednesday (winking face)
Interactive design requires that you reevaluate your assumptions about media production and learn to think of interactive design as a different way of thinking and approaching problems.
Love the song (folded handsfolded handsfolded hands)
I love Zelina Vega so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
San Francisco is also a major tourist attraction for those who enjoy nature, Chinese, Thai, and Japanese culture, as well as American cuisine.
Louis of Anjou a hostage in London Calais escaped captivity
2017 the Penguins became the first back-to-back champions in 19
The Maori people, however, had already been in New Zealand for thousands of years before the Europeans arrived.
However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology and later Archaeology and History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree).
 (sparkling heart)Additional slots for Little Loaf Illustrations ( + Free Telegram Sticker version! ) now Open! I have 6 slots left for…
many citizens from each towns
IM LOSING IT (winking face with tongue)
races How many groups were
the defense managed to shut down the giants offense The
 (rabbit) Click Link To Be Teleported To Land Of Derp! (green heart)
Follow everyone who Retweets this (trophy)
The population is primarily English speakers, though there are also some Italian speakers and a small number of other languages.
The earliest known account of the Greek civilization is found in the works of Homer, specifically his poems The Iliad and Odyssey.
control over the northern and western territories as a consequence
47yard touchdown run In the fourth quarter the Bills got
For the show's final season, Шоу Уинфלי показал новую версию của себе.
The edge has a slightly curved profile, with a small gap between the blades.
CLASSIC: When you thought were about to sign (face with tears of joyperson facepalming)‍ (male sign) (clapping hands)
discovered a hidden spring its
Take a look at what travel agents are listing, whether on a website or in a shop window.
and later added more points when Mike Scheffler caught an
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year (trophyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
We asked experts to watch clips of Klaroline’s relationship and weigh in on the couple’s behavior (grimacing face)
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets (dragon face)
Can't wait to see ya (beating heart)
Make and carry copies of your policy and insurance policy/contact details with you.
The hostel's guests were mostly citizens of the United Arab Emirates.
sooo excited to announce my VIP experience at the (high-voltage)high-voltage)packages are available at: …
You won't believe what Obama says in this video (winking face)
Unlike other primates, hominids no longer use hands in locomotion or bearing weight or swinging through the trees.
entered the Austrian territory of Siren A war council was
again as CB Brandon Flowers returned an interception 91 yards
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
On the other hand, the amount of water is so great that it begins to fall back.
more housing units are there
Their frequent portrayal in music, films, literature and popular culture has made them an iconic symbol of San Francisco.
The "typical" vacation involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney "world" and spending about a week without leaving Disney property.
Wonjong was reversed by the crown using with the help
In the third quarter the Chiefs took the lead as
the win Penalties such as Running Into the Kicker and
many years after his son
Simi bhabhi (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) Free adult wallpaper fucking balatkarsexy com sucking sisters big lactating tits
Something simple (kiss mark)
the win with Favre completing the game 15yard TD pass
San Francisco is a melting pot of Asian cultures: Korean, Thai, and Japanese, along with American.
as the healer of the
 (police car light)ANOTHER STAIN ON THE FBI (police car light) An FBI agent who was caught in a Trump admin. crackdown Plead guilty Tuesday to leaking classi…
of people were not from
more people are there than
The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong.
the first quarter with a 23yard field goal by Jason
This year has been so busy for me and I kind of love it and kind of hate it but you know, at least it is something. (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (no one under eighteen) Commission for Cyberia Large version with additional details will be on their page: …
I think Boris arms are too shorts , anyway , that's not important , there will always be imperfections (face with tears of joy) . I hope you like •…
in percent from the census
The idea occurred to him in the 1930s watching a spectrometer being built at Stanford University (by Felix Bloch, working with Edward Purcell).
home ground for an Interconference duel With the Jaguars In
in England The Treaty of Paris (1417) set his ransom at
Each kiosk is stocked with a variety of pre-paid phone cards that can be used for paying for calls made from public phones, or for calls to landlines.
Getting back to getting my self right (shushing face)
Only a few airlines still offer bereavement fares, which slightly discount the cost of a last-minute funeral travel.
out the clock and burn the timeouts Losman dropped
its return between 1813 and 1820 However was abolished in
bitches having pressure bout a nigga (face with rolling eyes) lameeeee UNSTABLE BITCH
The sport is primarily played in a duel format, one fencer dueling another.
Watch (love-heart) 8Teenboy Twink HD Videos (love-heart) on (play button) (reverse button) Euroboys on [
Mike Thomas on a 15yard pass and then he
These websites have gotten a lot of attention, especially in the education setting.
German How many percent were
The Bills would answer with a 24yard field goal from
many points did the buccaneers
199192 NHL season 200809 NHL season 201516 NHL season
Island What happened was intermittent
At the time, he noted that the future for such systems was good, but "the big problem is the hardware."
took the lead with a 36yard pass catch by Calvin
The Buccaneers tied it up with a 38yard field goal
Forget about making a bunch of money (which is hard anyway), and start thinking about making a lifelong career out of it.
Chargers kept their momentum going with Rivers finding running back
Beijing will host the opening and the indoor events.
Maybe one day, your great grandchildren will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors?
a 21yard field goal Afterwards the Cowboys took the lead
At the edge of glaciers huge blocks break loose, fall down and perhaps jump or roll some distance.
the census is larger German
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
This letter must be legalized by the Ecuadorian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and comply with certain requirements.
The largest employment sectors are professional services, government, finance, commerce, and tourism.
died in London while still in rebel captivity Charles V
treaties with natives After the Chichimeca had the Purchase for
top of the tower filled with anticipation as he reached
While San Francisco's economy is linked to it being a world-class tourist attraction, its economy is diversified.
This is just as well, really; expect a little bit of everything, bad and good.
I’m over snow/cold/rain (tired face)
and two touchdown passes as New Orleans defeated Tampa Bay
is smaller German or Italian
were scored in the first
There was another tribe on the Chatham islands these were Maori who migrated from New Zealand.
yet another reason why y’all disgust me (face with tears of joy) foolery.
Throughout history, people have been creating sunglasses for various purposes, making them a popular accessory fashion item.
Scientists call this process "stimulated emission of radiation" because the atom is stimulated by the bright light, causing the emission of a photon of light, and light is a type of radiation.
Many governments require visitors entering, or residents leaving, their countries to be vaccinated for a range of diseases.
For a few copper coins, he will draw a map of the galaxy.
Chitterlings?! Noooo (loudly crying facespiling face with tears of joy)
Another of my Favourite things (fire)
Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing the end of the Space Race.
for mayas dedication to spring
The steel needles used in sewing have a fine steel point, and the steel needles are made to fit the eye of the needle, and are curved a little at the tip.
As the ability to obtain knowledge and to learn changed in such a way as mentioned above the base rate at which knowledge was obtained changed.
The range is also known as the "backbone" of North America, and includes the Rocky Mountains, Sierra Nevada, and the Columbia Mountains.
 (crown) AwesomeAnal (thumbs up) .
I didn’t know becoming a lifeguard was so fucking difficult (face with tears of joy)
shimmered with a mysterious light that seemed to beckon directly
Nowadays tickets for airlines are often sold by both the airline and numerous online travel agencies, often at quite differing prices.
On the accordion, to get extra volume, you use the reeds with more pressure or speed.
During the 18th century the Khmer empire saw invasions from Thailand and Vietnam, and the latter country would eventually conquer Cambodia.
bench for the rest of the game After New
Your potential for getting caught can depend on how much you know.
TD pass to WR Jabar Gaffney and RB Sammy Morris
A developing country is one where the standard of living is low and children often work to support their family.
Austrian territory of Siren A war council was called at
in percent from the census
Robbie Gould making a 47yard field goal Afterwards the lead
the Patriots ended the day with Brady and Moss hooking
project to build a tall tower right at the spot
hostage in Englishheld captivity, with the 5WDhayh1ZXQpVVPA+maWhv5c2yVMdMIP0BEIxljvS78= of the dauphins
Tomate un redbull (grinning face with sweat)
- best part of today? Your song IN MY BLOOD by is about to play! (headphone):
This track is nothin' but "Unforgettable." (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Top 5th. Score is zero for both teams. The and are in Puerto Rico. (baseball)
Nope...I was wanted kids and now I’m expecting my first one (woman pregnant) (light skin tone)
game After New England took the lead with kicker Stephen
field goal rookie QB Trent Edwards played the rest of
Vote For (right arrow) Best Actor (right arrow) Best Movie (trophy) Link :
in her village every morning
I think I’m drunk (weary face)
FAM RT for a chance to win 2 GA tickets to (breakout music) Must follow (breakout music) Ends 5/…
Ariana Grande will be releasing a new single THIS FRIDAY Are you excited for New Music from the Po…
ICE, ICE, Baby. Thank you!! (red heart):United States: (flexed bicewred heart):United States: (flexed bice)
During the Renaissance, the human figure was the most important subject of painting.
Jae VS rollescoaster (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Tried to show my BARBER skills (rolling on the floor laughing) (rolling on the floor laughing) (rolling on the floor laughing) (rolling on the floor laughing) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) https…
LMAO THE END (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
. . (desktop computer) GOOGLE LAWSUIT WATCH - MORE LEFTIST BIGOTRY &amp; BIAS : Hispan…
Despite the fact that it was an Austrian invention, over time the word "keyboard" came to be associated with the keyboard layout on computers and other devices.
The home and how often they checked in for prenatal care was based on a survey that was conducted under the direction of Dr. Stearns.
Architecture overlaps considerably with other fields including urban planning, civil engineering, decorative arts, interior design and landscape design.
TWICE Jihyo literally run to give Stray Kids mic to sing!!! (loudly crying face) We love leader and sister with pretty face and pretty! (smiling face with heart-eyes)…
The person who has the illness can infect others even before they know they are infected.
Thus, any British naval force moving in near the invasion routes would be exposed to being destroyed by German air attack.
the census werent German How
While individuals may be motivated by desire for wealth, or a sense of malice, it is more often the case that it is both.
Over 60 cruise ships ply the Galapagos waters - ranging in size from 8 to 100 passengers.
The structure makes the function, makes the feel different, and even the conscious perception of the shape differs according to the structure. Also, different structures have different requirements for processing, and sometimes in varying degrees.
Why do white people think smiling at you will make the fact that they’re staring acceptable? (face with raised eyebrow)
The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, located in Polynesia, in the middle of the South Pacific Ocean.
Tomorrow, April 19th, I’m declaring a (police car light)RED Alert (police car light) ALL DAY as I the as your look…
Humphries with just under 9 minutes left in regulation Trailing
Getting a good GPS navigation system for your car or for walking/cycling is a very useful addition to having one in your pocket.
How many more people were
goals were made during the
The actual purpose, however, was to give those powers to local rulers.
Solid night!! Thanks Check them out on spotify guys!! (sparklesparkles)
For the rest of the week, the station will continue to air the same news, but with new international and local segments.
percent were not German How
he so ignorant but his shit bang (crying face)
out to a 140 lead in the second quarter and
General John Cadwalader would launch a diversionary attack against the British garrison at Bordentown, in order to block any reinforcements.
arrived that the Austrians had besieged Brda succeeded in taking
Most have a shallow bottom, and a few are deep enough to be dangerous to boats, but most are safe for swimming.
Girl you’re gorgeous (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Boy’s Soccer (football) 4A State Semifinal Halftime Progreso- 0 Palestine - 0
running game when Bills rookie standout Ryan Posluszny was lost
50yard touchdown pass and the following instant conversion to wide
 (leaf fluttering in wind)Look deep into and you will understand everything better - Albert Einstein (leaf fluttering in wind)…
If you want to fly around the world completely in the Southern Hemisphere, the choice of flights and destinations is naturally limited.
held hostage in lieu of
The fort controlled the communication routes between Habsburg Austria
lush and green as life
These requirements are designed to provide an organized migratory flow between both countries.
Absolutely (leaf blowing in windhundred point) (heart with heart-eyes) (heart with heart-eyes) (green heart)
We can’t wait to see boo (relieved facewith heart-eyes)
This will ensure that your particular interests or constraints are matched with the ship most suitable to them.
Thus the cult of Venus, the divine birth, the pursuit of beauty, and the pursuit of harmony in the stars.
Thanks! Although I liked my 3rd cousin joke more (hundred points)
Scientists call this process "stimulated emission of radiation", because the atoms are stimulated by the bright light, and light is a type of radiation.
I’ll take the cat. (loudly crying face)
turning from dark to clear
are there than housing units
life on drives that were stopped early and led to
It is believed that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces.
Traveling to Walt Disney World represents a pilgrimage for many American families.
Iphone: Reconnecting Me: Perfect time to hang up (grinning face with sweat)
The tourist attraction can be visited year-round, though spring and summer are high season and crowded.
Clearly If you a .. Aquarius (Aquariusred heart) (hundred points) Leo (Leo) Gemini (Gemini) Libra (Libra) Sagittarius (Sagittarius) Aries (Aries) Taurus (Taurus) You poppin (hundred points) (double exclamation mark) (clapping hands)
Robert Hooke, a British microscopist, saw small squares in cork with a microscope.
touchdowns did Leon Johnson score
Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
Galaxies are so vast that individual stars are barely visible as points of light.
However, nowadays there are established graffiti artists, graffiti events and "legal" walls. Graffiti paintings in this context often resemble artworks rather than illegible tags.
Just as Charles Darwin did in 1835, visit the sites and wildlife of the Galapagos is an experience not to be missed.
there than households How many
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) factuals
controlled the communication routes between Habsburg Austria and Transylvania all
I kept an orchid alive for an entire year! This just happened a few days ago. (grimacing face)
These requirements may often depend on what countries a traveller has visited or intends to visit.
I hate you libhongo (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I can sit here and watch all day! (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
LeBron One Man Army Activated (goat) (basketball)
the NFC East the Redskins had the tiebreaker to the Jets
All Aboard!!! The reigning SEC Co-Player of the Week, places a single through the left side, and it’s 3-0 (tiger face) (tiger face) (tiger face)
The fabulous riches are no longer in it, but in the Egyptian Museum.
How many touchdowns did Randy
him the son of a cook When Louis then accused
In most cases, just filling out an online form is enough; however, some networks offer or require additional verification.
not disturb (grinning face with sweat)
In 1951, a fire caused for most of the dhong to be destroyed. Only the images of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel and some of the fort's remnants remain.
Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian as a result of the 1830s Belgian Revolution.
They are usually celebrated with a party with friends and neighbors, and often include local specialties, or dishes.
What we have now (dropletrainbow)
and cosmos grew he used his mind to guide his
The Cook Islands are an island country in free association with New Zealand, consisting of 15 different islands.
followed by Reed making a 22yard field goal and in
Been in it since college (face with tears of joy)
Where is (thinking face)
10 Which ancestral groups are
If you want to learn throwing the boomerang, make sure you have a suitable boomerang for returning.
Bitch why didn’t you say anything (enraged faceface with medical mask)
About three thousand years later, in 1610, the Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei used a telescope to observe that Venus has phases, just as the moon does.
 (fire) 24 HOUR PUBG FLASH GIVEAWAY! (fire) To Enter: (check mark) Retweet (check mark) Visit BetPUBG: (check mark) Follow: (check mark) Fo…
Vautier's talents outside of acting include car design, he designed the Peugeot 800.
Walt Disney Company is the world's largest media company as measured by revenue.
the intricate patterns of the stars over his training concluded
reach out to it convinced that something needed to be
Since she has so much money, can she PLEASEEEE fix her hair color ? (face with tears of joy)
The ancient civilization built elaborate pyramids and other impressive structures, some of which still stand today.
return that fumble 11 yards for a gamewinning touchdown With
Why would you say her name, the b gonna be all in our mentions now (loudly crying face)
I’m slow I get lost at Sweeny (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
but an interception ended any hope of a comeback Cutlers
 (glowing star) (glowing star) (glowing star) (glowing star) (glowing star) Join Us In Operation Let's get everyone thinking about and Honoring our Fallen Soldiers
 (warning) ARMY buying from Amazon especially US/Canadian ARMY...PLEASE check when purchasing that the item says "Sold by: https…
A hike is an outdoor activity where you walk in natural environments, often on footpaths or trails.
percent were not english How
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
break their current losing streak the Cowboys played on home
Wow, who wants to be here right now? (raising hands) (light skin tone) This waterfall is the tallest man-made…
If the current flow is high and the voltage across the motor is also high, then too much current will result.
The green collectible is often a molecule, a simple substance, or a combination of substances.
If you want to see the world sea level, check with the local authorities.
I just wannaaaa knooowww who be saying you look 12 tho? (thinking face)
This ensures that you or your interests are matched with the ship, agent, or crew most likely to meet your requirements.
of Hatvan and had killed all inhabitants Ottomans housed there
You don't need to be sorry! (face with tears of joy) (see-no-evil monkey).
How many more housing units
the spring spoke to her
did the Bills score in
he wants a baby so bad (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy)
maya who had a rare
During the summer months, there are over 400 storms a year with 60 being severe.
Ottoman Army started a siege on the fort of Eger
Another Signature Move, and combinations.
So just to put it out there, that acronym (backhand index pointing down) was something else looooong before it became what it became. Meanwhile, YouTube…
Tourists may visit at any time of year, but the best time to experience these natural wonders is during winter, from November to February, when the climate is cool and the days are longer.
Sister Berta Hummel Plates - In Box - at galvacrafts (smiling face with smiling eyes)
bench for the rest of the game After New England
These tiny insects are so strong that they can even penetrate through the edges of plastic and other materials.
the second quarter Detroit took the lead with a 36yard
Rippling (fire) (red heart) Danni Gee (red heart) Website : (laptop) Photos : 39-60 [P2/3] (camera) HD (no one under age 18) …
in London and the political weakness of the Dauphin to
A person who weighs 200 pounds (90kg) on Earth would weigh about 36 pounds (16kg) on Io. So the gravity, of course, pulls less on you.
put the Bills ahead surprisingly 73 after in the second
Fewer than a thousand cases have been reported, but some of them have been fatal.
If you want to experience the nation's drinking culture, then this is the time of year to do it.
The fittings and décor might include antique furniture, artwork, or other objects of beauty and value.
his other peoples got sentence like 80-100 years like damn (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy). him and rowdy got sentenced 7
events becoming an oracle of the skies whose insights were
pass How many yards was
Prince fans are the sweetest! (purple heart) We are having so much fun at the Prince Symposium.
just ran over yet another median (grinning face with sweat)
Virgos (Virgo)are very secretive, and not in a Scorpio way secretive, they're secretive to the point where you will never kn…
Damn youngins lookin to be internet popular. (face with rolling eyes)
PUBG SAVAGE MAP :D with I look like rubbish tonight (face with tears of joy) sorry guys!…
- My Hero Academia -  🦸‍♂️
to him intrigued leo made it his nightly ritual to
 (crying face) rt if you cried.
Drake letting Kelly Oubre hear it (flushed face)
cap The Spanish policy evolved to make peace with the
day and night mixing herbal
up of the population than
As of 2014, Turkish Airlines fly to 39 destinations in 30 African countries.
What a good boy (smiling face with smiling eyesheart with arrow)
formal treaty Edward III supported the Mongol moves particularly as
whispers of the spring unlike
family was overthrown by Kim Jun Using the Sambyeolcho Kim
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! (rolling on the floor laughing) mess! (face with tears of joy)
Internationally, there are nearly 200 travel agencies. Most of them operate independently.
Morning all my beautiful floof pals Malibu is so much better now eating well not been sick yay (red heart)hope all my floof pa…
15 and a 62yard TD pass to Josh Morgan and
Dongnyeong Prefectures by the Mongols Unlike the rebels the Sambyeolcho
in the game How many
Bowen Island is also known for its kayaking, sailing, and shopping "main street", and has a small tourist village with hotels and other facilities.
by Sultan Mehmed III the army marched through Edirne Filibe
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Vilnius in Lithuania, Riga in Latvia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
With their vast knowledge of the area, a Galapagos cruise is an ideal way to see the sites.
Eyeglasses can be cheaper in a foreign country, especially in low-income countries where labour costs – and thus production costs – are lower.
Census 023 Race United States Census 192 Race United States
OH MMY GOSHHH (weary face with heart-eyesblue heart with heart-eyesblue heart with heart-eyes)
Not bad (winking face)
An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter of crude oil, even though only one percent work in the oil industry.
many touchdowns did the Washington
Other skiing events will be at the Taizicheng ski area in the Zhangjiakou city, about 220 km (140 miles) from Beijing.
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” (loudly crying faceskull)
David O'Shannessy, a senior RSPCA New South Wales officer, told the ABC that new legislation in Australia will not change anything.
In many countries, most people can expect a fairly good command of English, though in limited degrees, especially among younger people.
Rules regarding regular photography also apply to video recording, possibly even more so.
the Choe family to maintain security However unlike the Choe
During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances.
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
happy birthday to my wife (revolving heartsheart with heart-eyeshot heartbeating heart) (growing heart)
Ottoman command received the report that a mixed army of
against the Giants gave the Eagles new life on drives
I defied the statistics. Small town Lumbee girl turned High School Valedictorian, Honors Grad of UNC w/ (victory hand) (medium-light skin tone)degrees, soon t…
Asynchronous communication means that you don't have to respond immediately.
Maybe because she’s doing homework (thinking face)
Paul's brother (loudly crying face):Japan:
season and 201617 NHL season Along with the Edmonton Oilers
pay the ransom In 1362 Johns son Louis of Anjou
Who scored the game winning touchdown
My caption vs my boyfriend’s caption (upside-down face)
However, in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to them, they are much more likely to run into problems.
or fleeing of king to
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
The pressure is different in each place, and in some places it is high and in others low.
Its large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
final touchdown of the game
Sometimes the wealthy would pay children to tell stories.
Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Thanks lovely (face blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)
Callejon del Beso (Alley of the Kiss). Just a few feet away from where lovers often paused for a little amorous interlude.
D-586 Really missing you and your beautiful gummy smile (loudly crying facetulip)
times in 199091 NHL season and 200809
of Paris and two citizens from each of the nineteen
The 21-year-old joined Manchester City from Brazilian club Palmeiras last year for a reported £27 million
[ STREAMING UPDATE ] We are blown away by the power of NCTzens! (firefirefire) just hit 1M Views...in 8 Ho…
The problem is, snow is sticky, so it needs some triggering to come down, and some snow coming down can be the triggering event for the rest.
Sophocles and Aristotle are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered some of the greatest works of world literature.
The long thin glaciers flow down the mountains, and in some cases they end in a steep face with a small round top.
Two thirds of those working in Venezuela do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture.
by 12 October the castle had surrendered As a retaliation
Rt for a blessing (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
the ransom In 1362 Johns son Louis of Anjou a
After a brief period of time, the signs of spring become apparent, and the cold of winter seems to retreat.
future events through the intricate patterns of the stars when
Another tribe on the island were the Māori, who migrated from Australia.
I hate when I hear “is that Vee?!” At the gym (face with tears of joy) can i workout in peace
yards and two touchdown passes as New Orleans defeated Tampa
races 191 of the population were German United States Census
Late but I'm here (kiss markface blowing a kisscherry) (tonguepomegranate)
They become the common language, either as the primary or supplementary language of speakers of other languages.
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
In Iceland, gas and lava can come out of volcanic cracks rather than from a volcano's summit.
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep (face with tears of joy)
My family ain’t shit (face with tears of joy)
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
their hated rival the Green Bay Packers After a scoreless
using the magical touch of
But for many, the strongest attraction is the city's vibrant, bustling streets full of unusual and diverse food stalls.
the rest of the game for the rest the game the
new star blinking with an unusual intensity in the northern
set his ransom at 3 million crowns and agreed for hostages to
The best time to visit, in terms of weather, is during the dry season, from November to April.
I saw this at a bus stop in New Cross Gate! (crying face)
patterns of the stars when his curiosity concluded the guardian
census werent Italian How many
A hangi meal is cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
TD pass to WR Laveranues Coles With halftime the Jets
The human hand is shorter than the foot, with straighter phalanges.
profound knowledge and wisdom leo became a revered figure his
many Mongol prefectures were established
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
Redskins the Chiefs went home donned their Dallas Texans throwbacks
Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
were not German How many
The International Association of Running Tours is the world's largest organization for barefoot, trail, and road runners.
like this if you tryna be my friend, i'm bored af at work. (face with rolling eyes)
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
Lmfao (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (middle finger) (light skin tone)
The doughnuts (donut) (donutdonutdonutdonutdonut) have arrived for 7-Year LA celebration!
 (SOS buttonbeep heart with heart-eyesloudly crying faceloudly crying face) (angry face)Please don’t let me DIE in (fire)HELL (fire) ( skull)HELP ME (skull) (U貨幣)PL…
the original lip gloss (person tipping hand) (medium-light skin tone)
Benjamin Watson and a 3yard TD pass to WR Randy
goal But they fell behind with quarterback David Garrard getting
home for a Week 15 AFC East rematch with the
I'm so excited for ya'll. Party time!! (grinning face) *DO
He died in Osaka on Sunday.
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
handle with care (blossom)
The beach, the park, and the camp grounds are usually the most common places for tourists.
the village thought ancient tales
has got some moves (woman dancing)
Some VoIP providers offer global numbers that can be dialed by PSTN phones. A global number makes it possible for friends and family to call you more easily.
Valerya Leal 2/2 (winking face with tongue)
Some people believe that experiencing many artificially induced lucid dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
star tracking its movements and luminosity over many nights his
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
All Sonic Ships are Valid All Sonic Ships are Beautiful Love is Love (sparkling heart)
one game of his career until week 10 against the
Especially in the early days, expect a bit of cultural shock, bad food and poor hotels.
With the failure of the military coup, Ethelred was able to agree to terms with Olaf, who returned to Norway to try to gain his kingdom with mixed success.
as he reached the summit the celestial star burst into
While assessing the successes and becoming aware of failures, individuals and the whole of the participating persons discover more deeply the values, mission, and driving forces of the organization.
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including scopolamine, derived from herbane seeds, and morphine, derived from poppy seeds.
on the bench for the rest of the game After
the longest rushing touchdown How
French law was changed. His activism started in high school when he was 15 years old and joined the French Resistance during World War II.
not Irish What percent
the power to transform water
€ (kissing face)Follow me and everyone who like or retweet this
pass to WR Mike SimsWalker In the second quarter the
I love you ! (face blowing a kiss)
at odds with France and
Since then, China's economic size has grown by 90 times.
The volcano, whose dark plume is visible for hundreds of miles, is a dominant feature of the region.
They generate high winds (often 100-200 miles/hour) and storm clouds often cover the entire sky.
percent were not english How
Lol thank u (face blowing a kiss)
Why don’t you just live your life and stop tweeting indirectly about how mad you are you’re not in a relationship (face with tears of joy)
It ain’t even nothing against you, I just don’t fuck with you like I use to (confused face)
Although there was no formal treaty John III supported the
honorbound to return to captivity in England The French crown
If you have a smartphone or tablet, check what apps it can access (and what permissions it needs).
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
So grateful for my boyfriend’s mom. She’s a true saint!! (red heart)
Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
Matz wear his heart on his sleeve and his emotions seriously affect mine (weary facesperson getting massage) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
My mother in law. Friends in low places. (confused face)
the first offensive play of the game He would finish
the end of the military regime Hoping to rebound from
Florida to take on the Tampa Bay Buccaneers The Lions
Ooooooo saucy (eyes)
is larger German or English
The protests started in Paris, and spread to Sofia in Bulgaria, Vienna in Austria, Vilnius in Lithuania, and Warsaw in Poland.
Even pups are loving the books! (smiling face with heart-eyes)... or maybe someone just has a crush on Wrigley Delle Donne (thinking face)...
than households How many more
one touchdown Calvin Johnson saw a 1yard pass
Ahhhh thank you!!! (loudly crying face)
quarterback Jay Cutler completed a 36yard pass to wide receiver
abolated by decree in 1812 However political tensions and chaos
Surface tension is the name for the force between the water molecules in the surface of the water.
I hope one day you’d be able to do the things you wanna do together (red heart) Happy (relieved face)
Thank you for joining us for today's successful launch of (rocket) (space station) up to hunt for (sparkle)…
Yikes (flushed face)
 (watermelon)RETWEET (heart) (flag)LIKE (heart) (watermelon) (flag)GAIN WITH (watermelon) (flag) (watermelon) (flag) (watermelon)
Nang rawt ai hte minit (or sumshi) darm TV yu ai.
twogame losing streak the Jets went home for a Week
were advancing towards the Ottoman expeditionary force A war council
The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home of the leading internet service provider, AOL, the company who instigated the charges.
Why am I always showering at 3am im gonna be ugly again without my beauty sleep (face with rolling eyes)
In the 1480s, when its construction was begun by Lord Hastings, the country was weak and easy prey to attack from the locals.
John felt honorbound to return to France in England The
the stars overjoyed leo accepted and began his apprenticeship
The Indus Valley Civilization was a Bronze Age civilisation in the northwest Indian subcontinent encompassing most of modern-day Pakistan and some regions in northwest India and a few areas in northeast Afghanistan.
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
In 2010, Atlantic hurricanes caused damage on the coast of Florida both in the Atlantic and in the Pacific Ocean.
Dude and make my day so much FUCKING better (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) (heart with arrow) (red heart) (hand with heart on heartheart with tear of joy) (heart with tear of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) (heart with tear of joyred heart) (hand on heart with heart on heartface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear (raising hands) htt…
Although in theory they take place annually (although, in most cases they do not), in practice they are not.
Last month, following the Act's acceptance by Poland, there has been a significant public outcry and Polish government has decided to suspend the act, for now.
spread throughout the realms and
During the warm season, insects are most active and the bites are most frequent during the evening.
It's actually 11 (winking face with tongue)
BABY San Francisco: (ribbon) BABY Anniversary Classical Series (ribbon) Reservations start 4/18 (THU) (rabbit two hearts) https://t…
The ancient city in the Judean Hills has a fascinating history spanning thousands of years.
two of his sons several princes several nobles four inhabitants
New hat (video camera): cattery_greycat
 (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) This fool wouldn't know what to do with a condom if mommy showed him, he'd s…
This page is designed to be easily accessible by entering just one piece of information—the web address—to get started.
NCTzens! MV has already reached 1M views on youtube!!! (party popperparty popperparty popper) Let's keep on streaming! (smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
The San Francisco earthquake, along with the resulting tsunamis, marked the end of the Little Ice Age.
I’m just gonna go ahead and leave this here (face with open mouthface with open mouthface with hand over mouthface with closed eyes)
In addition to their eight division titles they have qualified
 (cityscape at night) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
Okay yassss!!!! I fr feel like me and kam are her fans (face with tears of joygrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
Keep it (moai)
For a while, they even had a Nazi-backed government.
Kiui the fourth of the Yi family was overthrown
With the same time zone as Hawaii, the islands are sometimes thought of as "Hawaii down under".
conversion to Catholicism with missionaries encouraging native allies to settle
Bowen Island is a popular day trip or weekend excursion offering kayaking, hiking, shops, restaurants, and more.
There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
than the Bills How many
Need everyone to be on this level when they see me (face with tears of joyred heart)
I miss my city (weary face)
For one thing, northern New Mexico has significant problems with drunk driving, and the concentration of intoxicated drivers is high close to small-town bars.
Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that "the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part.
Rodgers in his own endzone for a safety but Green
field goal just before halftime The second half was relatively
The species is the largest of all birds, some species weigh up to 150 kg.
in the second quarter the Patriots were able to open
The ancient civilisation had its roots in the basins of the now dried up Indus River.
percent were not english How
In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause tiny vibrations in atoms.
to hear the whispered of
What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word "cella" meaning "small room".
PAIDIAGON 42418 (rocketrocket)
the third quarter he found WR Mike Thomas on a
down Under pressure from safety Abram Elam Losman let go
Tattoo party in Alaska (check mark) Nate and are up next!
take the lead in the fourth quarter as quarterback Jay
RT He is possessed by an ancient force. (right arrow)
 (down arrow)Date with Me at (down arrow) (hundred pointsstarssparklesbombing claxon) porn foot sex Just xxx Abi Gotham nsfw Art video Edward Deutsche
from 2 or more races
A freezing temperature is any temperature below the freezing point of water.
Over the next 15 days, he would study the shadows.
up an Arizona field goal With the left in the
Each end of the cable has a small metal tip. The tips should not be touched, as this can damage the recorder.
Just 18 days after its first manned spacewalk, the station received another "first" as an object orbiting the Earth.
I don't, but, each one to their own (face with tears of joy)
happened first intermittent phases of
From the north, a force of 2,400 men, including the rearguard, would take positions along the Nine Mile Run. The main body of the army, except for the rearguard, would march north.
scoring rally to increase their lead as kicker Jeff Reed
POSTING A SEPFORA GIFT CARD DROP RANDOMLY THIS WEEK! Make sure you have my notifications turned on and your carts ready (money-mouth face)
Hence the reason why the best hotels have such luxurious beds, in order to ensure that their guests will sleep soundly and comfortable.
According to the story, his motivation was fame at any cost. So he decided to pass the exam, regardless of the consequences.
months of hard labor the tower stood complete towering
Which team was scored at
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers (backhand index pointing down) (medium-dark skin tone)
HES GOT THAT FRESH CUT (face with tongue)
Bay made the score 2417 after Jame Winston threw a
chosen stones around the springs
The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information.
Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while other hangi can be sampled in Christchurch, Wellington and elsewhere.
ensuing weeks maya found herself
that seemed to beckon directly to him intrigued leo made
Perhaps the most common type of tourism is what most people associate with traveling: Recreation tourism.
Penguins became the first backtoback champions since 19 years
The colonists, seeing this activity, had also called for reinforcements.
you have so many likes and retweets you DESERVE IT (beating heart)
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Isn't this lovely? Ana Rodrigues has just joined (waving hand) It's so nice to have you here, Ana! We hope you'll…
Please take that jersey off (clown face)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
Daniella I have no words (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) I wheezed at 8:30am because of this HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
huge (smiling face with heart-eyes)
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
The Jets would answer with Washington getting a 60yard TD
Wings and the first team to do so since the
a suitable battle terrain The Sultan
RT in 5 seconds for good luck! (four leaf clover)
Sikhism is a religion that originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a reform movement within the Hindu tradition.
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
to WR Ruvell Martin The 49ers made a large scoring
Karna was a famous, but controversial English teacher, who taught at King's Glory School, and at his peak, he had 9,000 students.
I’m just ready to see who Poundcake daughter is likeee (face with rolling eyesweary face hundred points)
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
lack of exercise and sleep which i really lack (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) (holy expressionloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
This gives a resolution almost four times that of a 35 mm negative (3136 pixels versus 840).
I went to Sephora for one thing &amp; ended up spending $150..... I have a problem (face with rolling eyes)
From his fan in 2014.. Too teammates in 2018.. (wrench)
The people doing are absolutely lovely, please be nice to them (smiling face with smiling eyestwo hearts)
For instance, a local business may require that you provide a tax receipt to prove that the tax was paid.
i have the BIGGEST trust issues (tired face)
— day 108 of 365 days [ (love letter)] i love u do much.
will never get over how beautiful this video is (smiling face with heart-eyesdrooling faceswailing face with tears of joy)
more housing units are there
of John II How many
How do you even recover after this? (dizzyed facetired face)
getting a 1yard TD run In the fourth quarter Kansas
Jerusalem is the capital and largest city of Israel, though most other countries and the United Nations do not recognize it as Israel's capital.
When you're shooting in bright conditions with a DSLR or DSLR camera, it is usually possible to use faster lenses with greater resolution.
The White Sea–Baltic Canal connects the Arctic Ocean to the Baltic Sea, via Lake Onega, Lake Ladoga and Saint Petersburg, mostly by rivers.
Thank you so much, phy! (loudly crying facesparkling heart)
bye don’t use my girl to trash on my new bff (face with steam from nose)
The city is holy to Christianity and Islam, and is a major pilgrimage destination for both.
19 years since the 199798 Detroit Red Wings and the
This includes waiting in line, as drug-sniffing dogs could be used at any time without notice.
Student visas generally have different requirements and application processes from normal tourist or business visas.
We Die here!!! Cee-C we here for you Boo (red heartred heart) (raising hands) (raising hands) (raising hands) (raising hands) (raising hands)
Hey can we get to 500 followers tonight? Let's help bring the to Connecticut! (water wavewater wavewater wave)…
According to Greek mythology, the site was known as Troy, after the city of Troon (or Troilos).
score How long was the
along with kicker Robbie Gould making a 47yard field goal
Excited to receive an offer to Vanderbilt University!!! (black small squareblue heart)
Nothin' but smiles when we roll (high voltage)
But is our imagination based on reality? Did the castle really look like that? How were the walls built?
It’s a vibe (musical note)
No one is allowed to land on the islands or Galapagos islands except those with special permits.
Imma need to come to Florida . She been in Miami so many times , I’m sick! (loudly crying faceperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) so ... wahgwan sis? (thinking face)
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers (down arrow) (medium-dark skin tone)
half was relatively quiet with each team scoring one
This is all I want rn (weary face)
If you don't have a data plan for your phone, or when it is out of range, their performance can be limited or unavailable.
pass to WR Mark Bradley In the third quarter the
if i’m on “ blocked ” you’re mad and i won . (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Catholicism The Mexican Inquisition was first established by decree in
The major seasonal variation in China takes place between the northern summer and the southern summer, with the northerlies prevail during the northern summer.
luminosity over many nights his curiosity couldnt resist the allure of
Ruge, (tiger face)
Thoughts and prayers with the Popovich family (folded hands)
Prince Wang Jeon to the Mongol horde At the same
LOOK INSIDE YOUR OWN DARKNESS, AND REALIZE THERE’S NOT ENOUGH LIGHT TO JUDGE SOMEONE ELSE. (panda facepanda facepanda facepanda facepanda facepanda facepanda facepanda facepanda face)
Car camping is possible if you have a large minivan, SUV, Sedan or Station Wagon with seats that lay down.
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to fund abortions through Planned Parenthood in his capacity as chair of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which is under the umbrella of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
regime led by the Choe family began 1232 the government
Thanks love (heart with arrowheart with arrow) and yes she does
population were Race United States Census 225 ED 927 Race United States
knowledge to guide his people through the celestial events
Families with children are a rare sight, but house-sharing with a roommate is not one of them.
a 60yard TD run Kansas City would out the half
"The CCTV would definitely send a strong signal to those working in the dirty business of human trafficking."
edges then one pleasant morning
the Chichimeca War the Purchase for Peace Program gradually corrupted
 (speaking head) YUUUUUP!!! RT goes yard for the 10th time this season, and we lead 5-1 (flexed biceps)
THIS IS GOLD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Tony Scheffler caught an 11yard pass Tampa Bay responded
Access to the internet and the ability to browse the web are essential.
Cell comes from the Latin word cella which means small room.
The Park Service (MINAE) requires that all visitors receive a permit in advance for overnight stays.
Surgeons had knowledge of various sedatives including morphine and scopolamine, which they used to induce sleep and prevent fever.
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
My drive home from work included this view today. (blue heart)
She took all of the funk out of the song (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
first How many soccer goals
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck) (duck)
 (police car light) Half of California's population supports travel ban, increasing deportations
Yes! The tomb of Tutankhamun is one of the most famous graves in the world, and perhaps the most famous of all the graves in Egypt.
The Asian elephant is smaller than the African elephant and has longer tusks.
Looks like an early release of &amp; Marvel's comic book will arrive this Friday. Who's excited? (person raising hand)‍ (male sign)…
taking over the Castle of Hatvan and had killed all
A hundred years later, a doctor who had studied the disease was able to create a vaccine.
Due to the religious significance of the city, and in particular the many sites of the Old City, Jerusalem is one of the main tourist destinations in Israel.
Goodmorning (red heart)
rebound from their tough overtime overtime to the Raiders
Four score and seventeen years ago, in 1639, an English astronomer named Jeremiah Horrocks observed what we now call the transit of Venus.
But of course (sparkles)
the game did touchdowns
census werent Irish How many
Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 games for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
not American How many percent
The main purpose of these visits was to observe the celestial bodies, and to determine the movements of the stars.
Ginsup ni gaw a type of cell that has a thin, hard outer layer.
A constitutional amendment process was started in 2015 and 2016 elections, and was approved for a popular vote in November 2016.
Glad if you like it (face blowing a kiss) most welcome eonni (purple heart)
deliberately slowed the peace negotiations In 1364 John II died
many percent were not Italian
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) IDC BT is THAT BITCH
Although they don't look like a garden, they do have a kind of wild beauty and many have beautiful flowers.
households How many more people
Lime is another substance that humans have modified to serve human needs. Salt water is one example.
Aww thank you (red heart) (red heart)
In the past 20 years, Charlotte's population has grown at three times the national rate.
II died how many years
In the city of Berlin, Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg and Hanover reported demonstrations of up to 100,000 people.
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
The economy boomed during the reign of Deng Xiaoping.
Make and carry copies of your policy and your insurer's contact details.
Architecture is concerned with the design and construction of buildings. The architecture of a place is often a tourist attraction in its own right.
jumped out to a 140 lead in the second quarter
the census werent German
This is a very good way to spend money. Besides, you get to see the world.
populations of Mexico The Catholic Church established the Mexican Inquisition
Over the last three years, while he was in exile from Turkey, his son obtained permission from the Turkish authorities for the plane.
to WR Jabar Gaffney and RB Sammy Morris 4yard TD
For the sprint distance, speed becomes much less important and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
FACTS (clapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkles) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
Edward III supported the Navarrese moves successfully as there was
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Tuesday.
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
During this nomadic phase, the herds make short daily migrations, covering about 170 km.
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
The normal game is played with players throwing balls through a vertical grid of strings. The game is won when a player throws a ball into the center of the grid.
The media companies routinely lie, and the purpose of their claims is to create the impression that this is all about "preventing piracy".
If you're going to film the airplane, make sure you have permission from the airline and the local authorities.
The couple married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
In Rogaland and Agder the hills are usually covered in snow in winter and in the hills sometimes even in the summer.
For that reason, children should be supervised when using the Internet, and should not be allowed to stay online past a certain time of night.
returned animals became came
For the first time, a Turkish Army was present at the battle, along with the Army of France and the British Royal Navy.
completed an 11yard TD pass to WR Mark Bradley In
franchises firstever Presidents Trophy for being the teams with the
WR Mike Thomas on a 15yard pass and then
I need to understand how someone can be that perfect, and kind, and humble, and everything (loudly crying facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
When the individuals of a population show more than one distinctive phenotypic trait, they are polymorphic.
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
He really squared up with the cop (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
For those who enjoy Asian cuisine, San Francisco is probably one of the best places in the country, with Korean, Thai, Indian and Japanese restaurants.
Moose (also known as elk) aren't inherently aggressive, but will defend themselves if they perceive a threat.
Leonov, also known as "cosmonaut No. 11", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts.
How many yards was the
Most people book their place well in advance (as the boats are usually full during the high season).
Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive. The environment might be cold, hot, or otherwise hostile.
The camera unit replaced the human camera.
Allow additional time for visa processes, additional airport taxes, ground transportation, etc. to get an accurate estimate.
Thought I looked cute, might delete later (zany face)
John The hostages included two of his sons several princes
LIT The Series Trouble is Near (smiling face with hornsfire bomb) Season 2 Spring 2018 Directed By Produced By
For a few pence some children will tell you the story.
In my imagination I am wearing mood color lipstick, top lip is bright fuchsia &amp; bottom lip is jet black WHAT DOES IT ALL MEANNNNN (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
Right! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) they’ll figure it out later
Bangtans sharing/buying food for the staff makes me soft, they're so sweet (broken heartbroken heart)
were not American How many
These facilities were designed either by the airlines themselves (for transcontinental flights from the U.S. or Canada) or by the local airline (for intra-country flights).
first backtoback champions in 19 years since the 199798 Detroit
Actually I got something better ! RAE SREMMURD FT TRAVIS SCOTT DROPS TOMORROW!!!!!! (person in hot tub) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in hot tub) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in hot tub) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)…
Despite being officially a communist state for over three decades, China has developed a market economy.
IIs replacements do not escape captivity
in Englishheld Calais escaped to
A travel agency is often a good option for a journey which extends beyond a traveller's capacity for physical effort or fear.
How many percent were not
touchdown With the win the Jets went to 95 needing
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. (fire) (firefire)
stars was unmatched each night without sleeping leo would climb
The pit is either empty or filled in with grass.
Be that as it may (alien)
I couldn’t be more proud of myself today. A true stepping stone to maturity (raising hands) (dark skin tone) I finally returned an online item I n…
the game seeking for a win Hoping for the lead
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
season In addition to their eight Division titles they have
lead in the NFC East the Eagles had lost to
been at odds with Navarre since 1417 and in 1363
Keep streaming DNA fam!! A little more push and we'll achieve 350M VIEWS (firefire) DNA (down arrowdown arrow) [
I SWEAR TO GOD (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Large glazed windows and thin walls would not have been able to resist a determined attack for long.
Happy with the feelings today in It's always a special finish in Huy. Lactate acid (top hat). (camera with flash). Cor Vo…
this game Which teams scored
the defenders of this castle were all executed Not long
the first quarter What threw
This way is less tiring, and allows for more precise notes. Remember, you don't need to hit the keys with a lot of force for louder sounds like on the piano.
many more inhabitants than Paris
The Spanish policy evolved to make peace with the Chichimecas
Whether in a remote wilderness or in a small town, setting up a tent right on the ground is asking for trouble.
That said, expect to be hot, very hot indeed, and bring plenty of water.
How many more people of
Hoping to break their current losing streak the Cowboys played
Darren Sproles on a 58yard pass In the fourth
Dammit, you're definitely a Hunter with that kinda attitude (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Look at this (pile of poo)! Does anyone need more proof that is a ??
The temple with its tranquil atmosphere and the view over the Tonle Sap lake make the climb to the hill worthwhile.
:keycap_2::keycap_4:: (hours) til our schedule drops!
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkles) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
The blade on a lawnmower does not cut the grass, it just pushes it towards the grass catcher, which collects the clippings.
England had experienced a long period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw.
by a military regime led by the Choe family In
Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth, and surrounds the South Pole.
Maybe one day, your descendants will be standing atop an alien world wondering about their ancient ancestors?
Although its physical state may change, its chemical state remains the same.
[CAPS] JUNGKOOK, SUGA image flag. BTS Japan 4th Muster Fanmeeting (glowing star) Cr. 什么都有…
Attention Deficit Disorder "is a neurological syndrome whose classic defining triad of symptoms including impulsivity, distractibility, and hyperactivity or excess energy".
He did em like that (face screaming in fear)
the mysterious star burst into a brilliant cascade of light
We don't care what the lead is the Cavs got the lead (face with tears of joy) LeBron haters find the littlest things to hate on
a siege on the fort of Eger on 21 September
EARLY RELEASE (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) GO CHECK OUT MY NEW SONG (sparkles)WOOSAH (sparkles) OUT EVERYWHERE NOW (fire) …
many percent were not American
The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers.
catch by Calvin Johnson and later added more points when
For those with limited time, spending time in a place like this is probably best.
Here's The best and FREE to join gay dating Service online: CLiCK &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; (smiling face with heart-eyes)…
touchdown of the game How
 (camera with flash) EXO Suho, Baekhyun &amp; Kai today at the release ceremony for EXO official commemorative medal~ EXO is the first Kpop id…
Highest Scorer over the whole meet (shushing faceflexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone)
touchdown pass compared to his
Lebron be like... (face with tears of joy)
This is made to ensure that the image covers the whole screen.
OMG NAO STOP i'm soft ;;;; love u my first namjinist mutual ;; (growing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
It's the last day of the Spring Blossom Fest! Bee sure to log in and get this sweet Poogie outfit! (honeybee) https://t.…
A major disadvantage of the camera's zoom is that the maximum aperture (the speed) of the lens is usually lower.
12 October the castle had capitulated As a retaliation to
most Cup championships among nonOriginal Six teams and sixth overall
the franchises firstever Presidents Trophy for being the team with
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there (rolling on the floor laughing)
Cum fountain (winking face with tongue)
Chilean independence from Spain was declared in 1810, but regular Spanish forces still existed and had been able to maintain a few forts.
Can we pull a goalie from the crowd? I think we’d have a better chance of winning... (person shrugging)‍ (male sign)
a 9yard TD pass The Cowboys struggled in the 4th
For a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
New York would get the halftime lead as running back
Census 152 Race United States Census German Race United States
Some people believe that experiencing many artificial dreams often enough can be very exhausting.
The focal length of a lens is determined by the combination of the focal length elements.
yards to the endzone for a touchdown The Cowboys replied
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day (face with tears of joy)
at Slankamen Castle and it was decided that they would
It can be better to use an agent who frequently books similar trips to yours.
Jimin heading the Army chants at the billboard awards (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts) He looks so relieved and proud
The modern sport of fencing is played at many levels, from students learning at a university, to professional and Olympic sport.
While there are many distinctive ways to spend a vacation, few are as iconic as the Disney world.
of the season and the defense managed to shut down
cook your brown rice longer !! (face with rolling eyes) Or LOWER THE DAMN PRICES
Grab my and don't let go! (peachface with closed eyes)
would kick a 39yard field goal Afterwards Gould nailed a
Sort of like spontaneous combustion without the fire. (atom bomb)
yEEESS (clapping hands) (light skin tonehand raised) (light skin tone) (raising hands) (light skin tone) ahre
But is our imagination based on reality? How were the castles actually designed and built?
Among the possible long term health events associated with excessive drinking is liver damage and even death. The potential danger is increased when consuming illicitly produced alcohol.
This is when individuals experience a negative reaction to a vaccine that is either not fully developed or poorly manufactured.
The ElyXiOn |
had capitulated As a retaliation to the Hatvan castle massacre
Lol them shits hard too me (hundred points)
celestial guardian a being tasked with maintaining the balance of
For many American families, a visit to Walt Disney World represents a major pilgrimage.
MV trending at 24 on youtube in Hong Kong at 8am on 19 April (smiling face with open hands)
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
The Barcelona Running Tours organiz "Running Tours Barcelona", while in Copenhagen the organisation is called "Copencore.
Families with small children may need more preparation, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of five Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
we da best (zany face)
many percent were not American
Same (folded hands)
to sustain the peace and
came to drink from the
for a touchdown The Cowboys replied with QB Jon Kitna
second quarter Chicago would take the lead with kicker Stephen Gostkowskis 20yard and kicker Stephen Gostkowskis 39yard field goal
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers (down arrow) (medium-dark skin tone)
Interactive design requires that components of a project connect to each other, but also make sense as a separate entity.
stars bringing guidance and enlightenment to those who sought the
Roughing the Passer against the Giants gave the Eagles new
Treaty of Brtigny set the terms for 4PkTWeDmfNAr0ulOBlgvDGA2aXDAVkP+D95aECBI6us=
[ (video camera)] Photobook de Dispatch x via.: BTS_InSpain2018
towns of France While these hostages were held John returned
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
CORY CONACHER!!!! (police car light)
For the United States and Canada, major carriers include Delta Air Lines, Canadian Airlines, Lufthansa for flights originating from the U.S. or Canada.
the end of the game
 (trophy) November (trophy) February (trophy) March is the 1st player to win Player of the Month 3 times in the sam…
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
If my weed not this loud ion want it (loudly crying face) (B button)
While you may hear the word used by Greenlandic Natives, its use by outsiders should be avoided.
They used the letter "Õ/õ" (which is similar in sound to "N/Õ)
left in regulation Arizona kicked the gamewinning field goal to
Vautier's achievements outside of directing include a hunger strike in 1973 against what he viewed as political censorship.
Miss those days (loudly crying face) or when you’d fall asleep in the car and get carried to your bed (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Rodgers completed a 50yard touchdown pass to the following twopoint
Please support ARMYs in Latin America (purple heartred heart)! Vote for using the hashtags
Blood goes away from the heart in tubes called arteries and comes back to the heart in tubes called veins. The smallest tubes are called capillaries.
Happy Friday! See you tonight! (blue heart) 10/9c
In the 1960s he began to feel stifled by the Algerian nationalist movement.
Happy Birthday to (party popper)
nailed a 21yard field goal Afterwards the Packers took
game with the San Diego Chargers Kansas City would find
The actual picture is made up of tiny dots. If you look very closely, you can see them.
Many people dream of the day when humans can travel to another star.
seungkwan with these little cuddly kids is really the cutest thing ever ! (yellow heart)
Nitrogen as a gas still has the same properties as liquid nitrogen. The liquid state is denser but the molecules are still the same.
Uh I take it no pedicure? What is up with the Rosanne socks? (flushed face)
Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is a very bad idea, even if it's not illegal in your area.
HOT (hot spring) (Equilateral heartred heart) BLOODGIFTED (red heart) (Equilateral heart) TASTY Treat For Romance Lovers h…
Over time, the Maori people developed a rich and complex social structure.
Thank you. Needed to see this today. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
In 1957, Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union.
many more people are there
the earth learning to plants
Around this time last year I’d be at the pour house for taco Wednesday but now I have nobody to go with (pensive face)
WHO DID THIS (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
ugh me honestly she deserves the accolades she gets (clapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin tone) (clapping hands) (light skin tone)
intrigue leo made it his nightly ritual to observe the
OMG LILLI'S VOICE (smiling face with heart-eyes) (smiling face with heart-eyes) (smiling face with heart-eyes)
figure of immense beauty the figure wits itself as a
We don't know yet how cold the interior of the continent is.
These are not very slow, so the trail doesn't need to be very steep.
The human eye is made of many cells called photoreceptors. The photoreceptors are sensitive to light.
was called at Slankamen Castle and it was decided that
The total area of Turkey is 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755.688 km (291,773 sq mi) are in southeastern Anatolia, 23,764 km (9,174 mi) in the western highlands, and 755.688 km (291,773 mi) in the northern and western seas.
its source after understanding through
quarter as quarterback Jay Cutler completed a 36yard pass to
[fanart] happy (party poppertwo hearts two hearts)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
San Francisco has developed a large tourist infrastructure with numerous hotels, restaurants, and top-notch convention facilities.
Honestly. Truly. (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
after returning to Paris in
pass Tampa Bay responded with a 34yard field goal just
heavens on the night of its occurrence leo climbed to
run In the fourth quarter the Patriots got within one
Yeons attempt to replace King Wonjong was reversed by the
TD pass and then he found Lewis again on a
Sweet and Sour Tokwa (Tofu) Recipe (right hand)
not english How many percent
Wow RIP (sad but relieved face)
Typical for Norway are steep fjords and valleys that suddenly give way to a high, more or less even plateau.
Follow everyone who likes this (beaming face with smiling eyes)
God: 'Retweet' Me: (down arrow)
Ctto johhcac (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyred heart)
East coast I’ll be live tweeting with you during the musical episode! tune in, 45 minutes (red heart) …
You may need a 4x4 if you plan on hiking to the bottom of the canyon, but they are awfully tough on the roads.
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) saw this and thought of you (face with tears of joy) why
The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
than families How many more
not American Which percent
MetroPlus is more comfortable and less crowded but slightly more expensive, though still cheaper than normal metro tickets in Europe.
allowing defensive end Shaun Ellis to recover that fumble 11
Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 African countries as of 2014.
Thoughts and prayers out to the Popovich family. (pensive faceupset faceupset faceupset face)
At least 100 people had attended the annual wedding extravaganza.
Hostels are by far the worst for younger travellers – both for those looking for a bit of company (or a sleeping space) and for those wanting unadulterated chill-outs.
The number of people per room, as well as a minimum age requirement are also factors.
Anyone wanna cheer me up? I’m a little sad rn.... (face with hand over mouth)
Sikhs originated in the Punjab region during the 15th century from a Hindu tradition.
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
The large multi-storey buildings and thin, high walls with few windows make the city look more like a kind of large, frozen desert.
From down here it looks a bit daunting, but most reasonably fit persons should be able to make it up to the top in about 45 minutes.
For those seeking a more adventurous (or hungry) experience, check out the juice or smoothie stand:
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) https://…
in 19 years since the 199798 Detroit Red Wings and
place of John II How
Be kind. Kindness always wins (red heart)
star burst into a brilliant cascade of light and descended
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Niggas be out here cheating &amp; still be crazy over you (face with tears of joy) HTF does that work (face with monoster)
Scientists call this process "nuclear fusion" because the nuclei of atoms can combine together to form a larger nucleus, and in the process, a tiny particle called a "subatomic particle" is created.
This can be done in a normal car with careful planning but a 4x4 is highly advised and many locations are only accessible with a high wheel base 4x4.
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in and around Cape Town: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
in taking over the Castle of Hatvan and had killed
Stolen from my bae (red heart)
Some people believe that experiencing many brief dreams like this on a regular basis is a sign of something going wrong within.
The number of English speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
If you don't mind sleeping in a hostel or having shared bathrooms, this is probably the cheapest way to travel.
It’s a vibe (musical note)
Leonov, "cosmonaut No. 11" became the first person to extravehicular activity (EVA), or "spacewalk".
just a not-so-friendly reminder (sparkles)
The "typical" vacation involves flying into Orlando International Airport, busing to an on-site Disney hotel, spending about a week without leaving without signing a waiver.
leagues 1967 NHL Expansion from six to twelve teams The
While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then hit by fellow racer Xavier Zayat.
labor enforced harsh working conditions to exploit lower social classes
WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW (weary face with heart-eyes)
These two empower me like no other (raising hands) (light skin tonerigning hand) (light skin tone) Real, strong women
The sound of the glissando can be likened to the sound of a saw cutting through wood or a violin playing a high note.
In 1951, he returned to Bhutan and began work on the fort.
oh hey (yellow heart)
How are you so pretty? It’s so unreal (smiling face with heart-eyes) — Ah thank you that’s so sweet &gt;u&lt;
In the heat of the day, travelers can experience a mirage that gives the illusion of water (or other things).
TD run and a Rian Lindell extra point put the
Phnom Krom, 12 km southwest of Siem Reap. This hilltop temple was built at the end of the 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman.
SondraDeeMe 300 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 300 people.
The nervous system maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed.
I feel sorry for her lol that’s so disgusting like eww I cannot imagine kissing a guy let alone having sex with one like (nauseated face)
Wild mammals are sometimes kept as pets, but most would be regarded as feral.
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s İnstagram are too much (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Ui the fourth of the Choe family was overthrown by
In the 1960s he headed back to newly-independent Algeria to teach film directing.
RSPCA Queensland has also charged David O'Shannessy with three counts of animal cruelty related offences in Australia.
The weight of the statue is approximately 200–360 kg (440–790 lb).
tension during this period contributed to the initiation of the
Although you may think that it is intuitive to join the airline you fly most, you should be aware that their frequent flyer programmes are often more generous in the first place and the actual travel experience may vary.
the Chichimecas had four components negotiation of peace agreements welcoming
residing in the county was 496 people
Buffalo Bills Early in the first half New York soared
The major organ of the circulatory system is the heart, which pumps the blood.
go JAY (sparkling heart) sitting by you in discussion and happy to see this (sparkles)
Irish How many percent were
many more people were there
German or Italian Which ancestral
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this (purple heartsparkling heartpurple heart) Follow (backhand index pointing right) (sparkling…
The direct cost of calls is often cheaper than the local rates.
Thank you! (cowboy hat)
God is preparing you for something great , Hold on (crossed fingers) (dark skin tone) (red heart)
Including the lakes, Turkey's area is 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe.
Mark Bradley In the third quarter the Chiefs took the
The gap between rich and poor continues to widen, and most people are either in one or the other.
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered great works of world literature.
into their bye week at 16 Larry Johnson was suspended
The population is shrinking due to an uptrend in the birth rate and an increasing number of people leaving the country.
receiver Vincent Jackson San Diego would get onto their lead
broken arm This left passing lanes open and for the
loss to the Raiders the Jets went home for a
and 80000100000 for the Muslim army The Christian army had
I CAN stand no dawg ass nigga and I know my mama CAN’T do better (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENTING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
earth learning what had
He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Johnson but the Chargers
I followed my dad around with a confetti cannon for a couple weeks... (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Disney's theme parks are the most visited places on Earth.
The first settlers were the Caribes, an American Indian tribe. The Caribes were a group of American Indians who had crossed the Caribbean Sea.
They looked like rooms. He was the first person to observe dead cells
wide receiver Vincent Jackson San Diego Add add onto their
Because of their success with submarines, after the war the Germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history.
with kicker Stephen Gostkowskis 24yard field goal rookie QB Trent
God has brought me such a loooong way and he’s nowhere near done (red heart) thank you Lord!!
Cali grew to 50% trump support I guess people are realizing either you’re a normal person or a dumb ass liberal (face with tears of joy)
Comanches and Spaniards would still value any
The number of native speakers varies widely depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
 (musical notes)Full of humor! Fun! (musical notes) My song! (backhand index pointing down) htt…
[ ARMY: To Do] (DVD) Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
 (video camera): chowpuppies
of people were not from
Yes. Both. Equally. Very much. (growing heartsmiling face)
ancestral group is larger German
The balance of power was a system in which European nations sought to maintain the national sovereignty of all European states.
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
an unparalleled ability to navigate by celestial constellations his fascination
I’d rather be bored with other people rather then by myself (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Virginia also gives a tax deduction for those who use a computer primarily for work-related purposes.
If it’s FREE you know it’s for meeeeee!!! Come out next Saturday and kick it with us (smiling face with heart-eyes) https://…
Sometimes they are invited by the local people, sometimes not.
accession and three days before his coronation as Charles V
the Bills flew to Gillette Stadium for a Week 3
communication routes between Habsburg Austria and Hungary all of whom
Over the centuries, people have carefully built terraces on the steep, rocky hillside, right up to the cliff that overlooks the sea.
Idk why but tbz was in my dream last night (face with tears of joy) at first i saw younghoon then i screamed his name and he become shy th…
stones possessed blessings and worked
The advantage of this method is that it gives a clear view of the stars, unobstructed by the light of the sun or other bright objects.
 (fast reverse buttonfast reverse buttonfast reverse button)Troll
In some countries or regions, the law requires that guests' addresses be registered with the local authorities (and/or police) for identification purposes.
Trust Can Take You Ah Long Way (broken hearthundred point hundred pointhundred point)
NHL season 201516 NHL season and 201617 NHL season Along
They put Beyoncé's Coachella performance on PornHub (skull)
Water is another example. The water molecule is made up of one oxygen atom and one hydrogen atom.
Soooo I want some guidance from my upper classman . Who’s willing to be a guide ? (smiling face)
We have a financial crisis, which has had the effect of slowing down the economy, and yet I don't see any signs of a bottom yet."
Ma da at the game (face with tears of joy)
This is usually made in such a way that it covers a large area, often with relatively low power in the zoom mode.
Although in the end, Krushchev sent in tanks to restore order, he conceded to some economic demands and agreed to appoint the popular Wladyslaw Gomulka as prime minister.
Stearns is investigating whether taxes are used to support Planned Parenthood despite the organization's denial.
When the molecules of a gas are in very small clusters, they are called gas molecules.
under the nominal king fled to Ganghwa Island which Mongol
using the Sambyeolcho Kim Jun took a proMongol policy and
Release emotional stress NOW (red heart) (red heart)
Leslie Aun, a Komen Foundation board member, said the organization's new policy effectively bars funding for organizations under legal investigation.
Lusha grey birds are often seen feeding near a water source, and they also climb and frolic in the sky.
receiver Jerricho Cotchery Buffalo would take the lead in the
Nowadays computers are used to manipulate pictures and videos.
How many in percent from
more people are there than
Thicc' Foot Fine (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
Everybody gets at LeBron... Y'all know KD is going bald too right (grinning face with sweat face with tears of joy)
scored from passes from the
For a longer period of time, such as a week or more, the Kibrye Saxon Cottage offers a stay in these huts.
quarter San Diego sealed the win Hoping Kaedings 19yard field
The Bears tried to rally but an interception ended any
 (balloonconfused face)WE ARE ALL LIVING IN A BUBBLE UNTIL SOMEONE POPS IT AND MEKES US SEE REALITY (confused faceballoon)
most points at the end of the regular season In
and would not be successful and later threats from
Zuhkyen is the longest river in Africa.
Fossil hand bones two million to three million years old reveal this shift in specialization of the hand.
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
THE TRUE STAR OF THE SHOW! (sparkles)
apaches and comanches would demonstrate and as
own territory which led to a (9U1V3Lq8vMoyrvL/bdU+mlVj8NwKtM6O9H87mXFlk= change and a
Thank you, He does !!! Constantly (heart suit) (beaming face with smiling eyes) (heart suit) (heart suit)
LETS GO PRYOR!! (microphone)
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) …
The large stones are piled on top of each other in a stack.
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there (rolling on the floor laughing)
1810 and ended in September 1821 On 13 June 1596 an
The beginning of civilization is marked by the transition from hunter-gatherer societies to settled societies with agriculture and the domestication of plants and animals.
While authorities are unsure of the extent of the threat, the FBI activated the red alert.
As of the census of 2000 there were 218590 people
lived a young boy named
 (cherry blossom)[ Giveaway] (cherry blossom) Jimin doll with eggshell set (duck face) (ligh…
We officially have over 9000 followers... As always, thanks everyone! (face with tears of joy)
In many parts of the world, drinking tap water is safe, but it is wise to take precautions (just be aware of local habits).
and 147 from two or more races 191 of the
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
Paul George arrives for Game 2 in OKC coming off of 36 PTS, 8 3PM in Game 1! (basketball): x (alarm clock): 8:00 PM/ET (television): ht…
323 left in the game Glennon then in his own
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful (smiling face with heart-eyes) These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." (face with tears of joy) It's so crazy.…
Con Facdyc Linares (sleepy face)
slowed the peace negotiations In 1362 John II died in
The white bear lives in the forests of the northern hemisphere, where it hunts for food.
missionaries encouraging native allies to settle the frontier to serve
I think I’m drunk (weary face)
how many people were held
 (cookie) Geek out with some nerdy fangirls
intermittent invasion of Goryeo or
group from the census is
let my man do some shit like this (drooling face), we going home right then and there. (skull)
Turkish Airlines flies to 39 destinations in 30 different countries as of 2014.
Music is often used to set the tone for a movie, helping to enhance the mood of a scene or highlight specific elements of the story.
Wait for me to come home (smiling face with smiling eyesmusical notes)
The Spanish loyalist attempted enslavement for labor and agricultural labor
damn my baby is the best @ this (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) we goin to PROMMMM (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Kim Jun In 1268 however Kim Jun was annihilated by
the handoff from Glennon to Doug Martin set up an
many in percent from the
She said "We don't yet know how much snow is needed to trigger an avalanche, but that isn't far off."
An Oh So PreTea Wednesday (heart with heart eyestwo hearts)
However, in recent years there has been increasing interest in traditional ways of doing things, and many young people are now learning to make fire this way.
The Park Service (MINAE) does not issue park permits more than one month in advance.
getting me so excited for the album !! has to be on the album please (clapping hands) (light skin tone) xxx
It’s just rly light lavender haha I did it with conditioner it’s just for the week bc I’m bored lmao. Do electric (high voltage)
Some experts suggest that learning to use a smartphone can actually make children better global citizens, giving them access to information at all times.
24 dayssss! (graduation hatfemale graduate) (medium skin tone)‍ (school🏫party popcorn)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
RETWEET IF YOU AGREE (down-facing face) Barack Obama was the biggest criminal to ever occupy the White House!
it his nightly ritual to observe the stars tracking its
Island which Mongol horse riders were then to land on
It was not until the 1980s that Li's reputation as a "beneficial imposter" was established.
timeouts Losman dropped back for a screen on third down
with a mysterious light that seemed to beckon directly to
I’m almost positive I was one of the first people calling shorty and even if I wasn’t it feels like I am so ... credit taken (face with tears of joyhundred points)
arts of celestial navigation learning to manipulate light bend the
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
when Aqib Talib intercepted a pass from Matthew Stafford and
a love so beautiful (check mark)
If You Still Remember this song Akon - Lonely (drinks clinking glasseswinking face with heart-eyes)
This fleet was led by Olaf Trygvasson, a Norwegian with ambitions to reclaim his country from Danish domination.
Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at his peak.
Commissioner DeRozario stated "We haven't yet agreed on a rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020".
The temple of Artemis at Ephesus was destroyed on the night of 21 July 356 BCE by Herostratus.
spring she had to before
Chichimecas had four components negotiation of peace agreements welcoming conversion
by the Jun In 1268 however was Jun was annihilated
from the census or American
. (radioactive sign)3/11/11 *SOS* to Earthlings 11/…
THIS IS GOLD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Get your popcorn ready. (popcorn) |
Retweet if you’re (fire) horny too! (red heart)
RT: Daniels Run ES for at (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
or Italian Which ancestral group
yards Hanson score first in
Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
Some studies suggest that the disease must become less lethal before it can cause a global epidemic, he noted.
But the Royal Navy was still much stronger than the German Navy (“Kriegsmarine”) and could have destroyed any invasion fleet that was sent across the English Channel.
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
The circuit breaker is designed to protect the circuit—it will open (take the current) when the circuit's current reaches a certain level.
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Polish How many more people
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
whenever namjoon does (grinning squinting face)
The requirements for a visitor who wishes to work while in the U.S. or Canada vary depending on whether they are a U.S. or Canadian citizen or an "alien".
not American Which percent
In many countries or types of stores there is at least one on-site restaurant, often a rather informal one with affordable prices.
Alright now...white boy got bars (eyes) (clapping hands) (Dark skin toneon-going hand)
With the backing of this agreement, Olaf could launch a raid on Norway to try to gain his kingdom.
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
Nevertheless, all French-speaking Belgians and Swiss would have learned standard French in school, so they would all be able to understand each other even if they used the French language.
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute (face with rolling eyes)
FUCK YEAH FINALLY!!! (folded hands) (light skin tone) (heart exclamation mark) (fire) (dashing face with sweat)
While they're far from a modern phenomenon, most people probably associate them with youth vandalizing public and private property using spray paint.
Thanks lol (face with tears of joy)
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree.
Get a dog anyway, what’s he gonna do? (upside-down face)
werent Polish How many in
In the year 1970, medical doctor and researcher Raymond Damadian completed the development of a device called the ”magnetic resonance scanner”.
If you live in or visit a city with a strong drinking culture, then expect to see a lot of signage promoting the various brands.
make peace with the Chichimecas had four components negotiation of
each other again on a 45yard TD pass The French
The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.
The Canal District (Dutch: Grachtengordel) is a famous 17th-century district surrounding the Binnenstad of Amsterdam.
However, the reduction in the threat level to critical does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
The next biggest energy source is fusion. In a fusion reactor, atomic nuclei are fused together to create more heavy elements and release more energy.
A bitch like me will always be good even when shit ain't good . (flexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone)
families How many more people
Brett Favre completing an 11yard touchdown pass to wide receiver
waiting for you bro (flexed bicepsflexed biceps)
This shit got me crying (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself- (sparklesblack heart)
Tuesday: Jerk wit a kick sumn seriousss (sneezing facecrying face)
 (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy)I be forgetting
Bay Buccaneers The Lions scored first How the first quarter
How long were minutes of
Ok. Okayyyy. (raising hands) Scratch and scratch, but still somehow buttery and smooth. Looking forward to seeing him live when he comes to…
the Sambyeolcho under the order of Im Yeon The next
and chaos It was abolished in 1262 This societal tension
Thanks gorgeous (heart exclamation) (heart exclamation)
With the Running Tours Barcelona in Barcelona and the Running Copenhagen in Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague in Prague and others.
RIP Mrs. Pop (sad faceangry face)
Safe to say I love Stormi Webster as much as my own kids. Her smile just melts my (smiling face with heart-eyes).
Patriots score than the Bills
touchdown pass In the fourth quarter San Diego sealed the
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
Typical for the times, Kirby Muxloe Castle more resembles a fortified house than a true castle.
 (grinning face with smiling eyes) wish I’d said that.
Among the positive aspects of these websites are the ability to easily setup a class page which can include blogs, videos, photos, and other features.
these rebels the Sambyeolcho were an organization of the military
to a 100 lead after three quarters but miscues saw
The tourist season for the hill stations generally peaks during the Indian summer.
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
did you take that pic? sweet! we don't have leaves yet and now it's sleeting (upside-down face)
While filling out a form online can be the quick way to get started, some networks offer additional verification steps to increase security.
Connor Barth then took the lead as Aqib Talib intercepted
Within two decades, China's GDP could be larger than the United States.
50 LIKES &amp; I’ll drop the full song! SLIDE (fast-forward buttonfast-forward buttonfast-forward button)
THANKS GOD FOR WAKING ME UP TODAY. (folded hands) (thumbs up)
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me (rolling on the floor laughing)
Packers kicker Mason Crosby got a 48yard field goal The
These plants have a palm-like appearance because they have a crown of sharp, spiky leaves.
value any means to riches and break treaties with natives
Italian How many more housing
down with RB Leon Washington returning the kickoff 92 yards
It is better to be safe than sorry, so pick whatever is most convenient for you.
The volcano's major eruptive activity had ended some time before, leaving only the steep volcano's summit and the surrounding slopes left standing.
with RB Thomas Jones getting a 1yard TD run In
pass on third down Under pressure from safety Abram Elam
The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit. The singular is Inuitun (plural Inuit).
Thanks for playing 's .. I Said Hi..luv it! (crocodile) :Australia:
Me after listening to The ElyXiOn intro (loudly crying faceheart with arrow)
stars overjoyed leo accepted and thus began his apprenticeship under
EXO isn’t treating us like we’re just their fans. They are treating us like we are their family, and girlfriends (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three days.
So i was looking through some pictures and.. (face with tears of joy)
thank you nat !! (sneezing face with heart-eyes)
Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing both political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering.
Number of different languages spoken in the world – different languages are gathered together in different groups.
game How many yards were
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
touchdown scoring play How many
The First World War had a profound effect on the Native American peoples. The creation of the United Nations and the global power structure would make future conflicts more difficult to defeat.
27PTS, 8REB, 4AST... in the first half.
The most common type of tourism is what most people travel for: Recreation tourism.
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
Compared to other spring plants, daffodils have very large flowers.
The Effect. 😍
Savoring the afternoon sun with my boys and our bikes (smiling face with smiling eyesthumbs up)
Silvaze is a Pure Pure Ship (sparkling heart)
: (eyes) (tongue) If you want followers (1) Retweet &amp; like this (check mark) (second arrow) Follow all who RT &amp; like (check mark) (third arrow) Followback everyone (check mark) Turn my notification…
Oh god Bridg (face screaming in fearloudly crying face)
pass then in the third quarter he found WR Mike
from safety Abram Elam Losman let the ball
they moved to the PPG Paints Arena The 199293 Pittsburgh
Some of the most picaresque of all — rich, mobile, and white — inhabit the deserts and dry hills surrounding Nuevo León.
within the earth it was
Several places in Rotorua offer geothermal hangi, while in Christchurch and Wellington you can try others.
The world has over 5,000 different languages, including more than twenty with 50 million or more speakers.
There are an infinite number of variations possible, but for most people, going to Disney World is something of a pilgrimage.
J P Losman got an 8yard TD run and completed
Including the area of the lakes, Turkey's area is 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) is in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe.
They have one in college Station (smiling face with heart-eyes)
realm where the sky was perpetually cast in the hues
win with Favre completing the gamewinning touchdown pass to
replacements do in place How
people are there than housing
by police and combat forces effectively dissolved the Six Divisions
Mood: (sleeping face) Relationship Status: (couple with heart eyes) Kids: (heavy heart)…Pets: (heavy heart)…Favourite Colour: (turtle faceperson face)…mushroom…
or more races How many
The traveller who needs luxurious hotels and ready-made tourist entertainment is probably better off staying put.
The Japanese had named the island "Miwa".
field goal from kicker Rian Lindell yet the Jets answered
quarterback Aaron Rodgers in his own territory for a safety
due to a broken arm This left passing lanes open
density of 189 per square mile 73km The racial makeup
were not Polish How many
Goodnight Tayga (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) forever and always
Fill your home with a rich coffee in the morning and a relaxing chamomile tea tea bag at night.
However, nearly all of the casinos listed above serve drinks, and several of them bring in name-brand entertainment (primarily the large ones immediately surrounding Albuquerque and Santa Fe).
 (tulip) Day 1 - 35,518 Day 2 - 124,986 Day 3 - 36,240 Day 4 - 28,048 Day 5 - 9,890 Day 6 - 10,632 Day 7 - 9,31…
I was riding for these niggas before they rode for themselves (hundred points)
the Hungarian fort of Eger The fort controlled the
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
Although most agencies are willing to take on most regular bookings, many agents specialise in particular types of travel, budget ranges or destinations.
over many nights his curiosity grew into an obsession until
a 1yard TD run In the fourth quarter Kansas City
For that, they needed a base in Egypt. Besides those actions, the Italian war ships had no other significant activities.
Towering above the north end of Machu Picchu, this steep, compact village is often the backdrop to many photos of the site.
The disadvantage of this approach is that it can take a very long time.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
since 2007 Trying to snap a twogame skid the Bills
public functions performed by police and combat forces effectively replacing
show sum love (smiling face with hornspeach)
 (megaphonemegaphonemegaphoneHEAR YE HEAR YE HEAR YE RALLY TIME (sun with face) (megaphonedipped facesun with face) (megaphonedipped face) WHERE: Santa Barbara WHEN: APRIL 22, 2018 TIME: 11:00 am to 1:00…
The proposal to ban same-sex civil unions seems to have lost steam, at least for now.
census is smaller German or
replace King Wonjong Im Yeon
The varying patterns of evolution among these species results in different species being better adapted to their particular environments, allowing them to outcompete other species or to be outcompeted.
8yard touchdown run and completed a successful touchdown pass to
touchdown pass and the following two point to wide receiver
and in 1363 the Navarrese used the captivity of John
Greg Jennings The Bears tried to pull but an interception
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
However, in the end, Khrushchev's temperment won out. With the threat of nuclear war hanging over their heads, most people were willing to go along with the changes, led by Wladyslaw Gomulka.
finally soldier ji chang wook and kang haneul in one frame (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
A houseboat is a boat that is designed either to be used as a permanent residence or for recreational use.
The traditional medieval castle has long inspired the imagination, conjuring up images of jousts, banquets and Arthurian chivalry.
you are the only nsfw acc that i know, thank you for blessing my timeline, babe - (unicorn) — I am the only nsfw seb…
Pretty animals (two hearts crown)
How many more housing units
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
Losman let go of the ball for defensive end Shaun
tales were just as pr9QoqJE5ATA4PF3Ro7ooZFZn4NN97iOkwur9MDJoEg= as
27PTS, 8REB, 4AST... in the first half.
Bringing Doyoung’s part in Boss acapella version back (speaking headmicrophone)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
Omg that was so good I love him (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)vote people!!!!
Bills score in the game
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
Everyday (sneezing face)
than families How many more
Victoria Falls is a town in Zimbabwe, across the border from Livingstone, Zambia, and near Botswana.
Look at this (pile of poo)! Does anyone need more proof that is a (maroon circle)!
Participants in the pain management program experienced more positive pain-relief effects, as well as fewer negative perceptions of pain, compared to those in the control group.
of the 200910 season when they moved to the PPG
that the Austrians had besieged and succeeded in taking over
the forest she would never
opener for the first time since 1995 Trying to snap
Many exotic animals are hard to find, and some parks have rules about taking photographs for commercial purposes.
a 1yard TD run But the Giants scored again with
took the lead as kicker David Buehler hit a 34yard
RT OR VOTE FOR Use the Hashtag (backhand index pointing down) (backhand index pointing down) (backhand index pointing down) (backhand index pointing down) (backhand index pointing down)
The American plan relied on launching coordinated attacks from three different directions.
you'd be lying if you told me this 1 minute video did not make you feel some typa way.. at all. (face with hand over mouththinking face)
Something you and I have not seen before.. Make sure you share (person gesturing NO) (person raising hands) (person gesturing love-heart) (fire)
Hawaii's unique cultural heritage is reflected in its traditional arts, including music, dance, and traditional culinary arts.
did not convert to Catholicism The Mexican Inquisition was first
Baekhyun almost choke while laughing at his own photo from Growl era as it is the photo used on his commemorative medal (face with tears of joy)…
All my fans will love this! Please watch (red heart) (fire)
the Giants due to their head to head win Hoping
The Luno had 120–160 cubic metres of fuel aboard when it broke down and high winds and waves pushed it into the breakwater.
for Tampa Bay How many
racial makeup of the county was 827 Race United States
The Battle of the Teutoburg Forest marked the end of German military expansion.
Civic Arena Pittsburgh also known as The Igloo from the
is SO real for having a student discount !!!! (shark faceshark faceshark face)
There were 83146 housing units at the average density of
Anyone hoping to see evidence of the damage to the mummy will be disappointed as only the head and shoulders are visible.
 (cityscape at night) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
the leagues 1967 NHL Expansion from six to twelve teams
Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI.
This ump is (pile of poo)
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
Italy's main goals were African countries. To capture those countries, they would need to have a troop launching pad, so as troops could land on and take the country.
the sky and predict future events through the intricate patterns
In particular, French-speaking Belgians and Swiss have their own variations of French that are somewhat different from the French spoken in France, though they are similar enough to be mutually intelligible.
touchdown passes did Tyler Thigpen
Big bet (OK hand) (medium skin tone)red heart)
The male then attempts to engage in sexual activity with the female, sometimes with the female also participating.
The structure of the crystal is different in each case, and the substances in the crystal have different properties.
the third quarter The games final score came when Mike
 (pile of poo) (pile of poo) (pile of poo) (thumbs downthumbs downthumbs down)Such disrespect (pensive face with a side-eye)I get so tired of hearing about ppl who can’t be fired (thumbs down) (thumbs down thumbs down)These evil ppl who think th…
throws a (collision)NO-HITTER (collision)as the Rockets complete the sweep against Lanphier with a 10-0 win tonight.
The magnetic field, and the force it exerts on charged particles, can be thought of as lines of flux.
England had no royal family.
I cannot believe it !!!! I knew God was up to something ! My mother ! My everything ! I am shaking right now (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) …
30% BONUS - Don’t miss your chance! (rocket) Join the 1000 early adopters:
people are there than families
Crosby got a 52yard field goal Yet the Bears would respond
from the census is larger
mmmm luv the buttholes (drooling facedrooling face)
But how does the brain know when to fall asleep and when to wake up? How do brain cells make us dream?
many first half yards did
Nbs whoever u fuck with should match how you coming (hundred pointseverything in its placehundred pointseverything in its place)
scored first Which team was
policy of purchase for peace would continue for nearly three
During the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
Which group from the census
village leos name became synonymous with the wisdom of the
or more races How many
How many yards was the
Homie has vibes are fiyahhh Follow the homie (sleeping facetwo hearts)
Ratio, not ratio. (rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing) (rolling on the floor laughing)
I need a friend like cookie. That’s a real bitch (crossed fingers) (dark skin tone)
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers The Lions scored first in the
 (sparkles) 1k Follower give away! (sparkles) I'm giving away a Kaneda Falco amiibo! (droplet) How to enter: just RT! Must be following me (
Any additional night beyond this requirement must be spent at the Bright Angel Campground.
agreements welcoming peace instead of forcing people to Catholicism with
would take the lead in the second quarter as quarterback
with an unusual intensity in the night sky this star
Flip it like a waffle (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone)
Head Over Hills For Oomf Barred (weary facered heart)
over the northern and western provinces due to a consequence
Casual (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
king John II had been held captive in England The
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
We would get wet if we crossed the bridge or walked up the falls.
The territory of Turkey is located entirely in Southeast Europe, with a small area in the northern part of the Asian continent.
RSPCA New South Wales inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia.
Already reporting in English and Japanese, the global organization is launching Spanish, Italian and Korean-language programs for television, the web, and mobile devices.
Whistler (1.5 hour drive from Vancouver) is popular for its 2010 Olympic Games.
At the same time King Gojong asked the crown prince
sent Crown Prince Wang Jeon to the Mongol Empire At
Some boots have studs and there is studded add-on equipment for slippery conditions, suitable for most shoes and boots, for the heels or heels and sole.
However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity.
the highest hill in his village he watch the sky
the Penguins are tied for the most Cup championships among
turned lush and vibrant as
and completed a 2yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve
The concept of nation-states began to be seen as separate entities from the people who lived within them.
and raise funds to pay the taxes In 1362 Johns
defenders for an 11yard touchdown pass and a Jets punt
to an early lead as running back Thomas Jones got
Istanbul it was with great difficulty that he was persuaded
Today I got to teach clarinet lessons for a few minutes... or rather, these 6th grade clarinet all stars taught me! (musical notes)
than families How many more
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) https://…
yards difference was Tyler Favres
Tennis Team repeats as Belton Tourney champions with 3 (medal) division winners!!! Congrats to
The marine ecosystem around the resort and theme parks are home to a great variety of marine life, including large populations of dolphins.
While many other nations and the United Nations recognize Israel's sovereignty over the West Bank and Jerusalem, none of them recognize the city as an Israeli city.
Pagan, now known as Ngam Hin Dang, is a hilltop temple dating back to the late 9th century, during the reign of King Yasovarman.
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
player scored the most points
After you become comfortable with formatting and editing on the web, then later, you might create your own website.
Sunday night battle with their hated rival the Green Bay
completed a 3yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Malcom Floyd
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
What is it like to volunteer with (thinking face) (fire engine) Find out from Bryan Eisen, one of their many valued volun…
Twitter ci hein (face with tears of joy)
imissyoutoo baby (pensive face)
The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape.
The station maintained its attitude in spite of the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission.
Lol it’s only one girl that get to talk bout my forehead and she not even my mama (person gesturing NO) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person gesturing NO) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
The native inhabitants of Greenland call themselves Inuit in Canada and Kalaalleq (plural Kalaallit), a variant of the word Kalaaluk.
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
quarter the Chiefs took the lead as kicker Connor Barth
than try to run out the clock and burn the
A 30-year-old man from Buffalo, New York, was killed when a shotgun blast wounded his wife, but her injuries were not life-threatening.
Meanwhile I'm at the office and its a snowstorm outside smh lol!!! (sleeping face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
by granting its water healing
Be prepared to shell out some serious cash if you want a bedroom with a view. The Dorms are a bit cramped.
The Serengeti region contains the Serengeti National Park, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and Maswa Game Reserve in Tanzania and the Masai Mara National Reserve in Kenya.
How would Io's gravity pull on me? If you stood on the surface of Io, you would weigh less than you do on Earth.
Reed nailed a 36yard field goal And put the 49ers
Mystic generators are often used to provide additional energy, or to enhance the effects of other mystical practices.
I stopped researching my book to Google if I was researching too much ( (face with tears of joy)) and found…
Peachy (pear)
odds with Navarre than Charles
As well as a World and Olympic champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
of 2000 there were 218590 people 70367 households and 60387
The fortress, with its impressive walls and elegant architecture, has always been one of Bhutan's most iconic images.
The gas is still a gas at these temperatures, but the molecules have less kinetic energy.
The winner of the Republican Party nomination for president always gets the party's endorsement for the presidential nomination.
Good morning! (sun with face)
Damn I just totaled my car (pensive face) Twitter:
Calling learners around the (earthglobeearthglobearthglobe) The world needs YOUR voice! (loudspeaker) May 9, 2018 on (rocket)
Which ancestral group is smaller
We can actually put a T-Rex in between them (face with tears of joy)
Personal VPN (virtual private network) providers are an excellent way of circumventing political censorship and commercial IP-geofiltering.
Kansas City would find themselves trailing early in the first quarter
:United_States::United_States:When something is important enough. You have to fight, even if the odds are not in your favor!
One of our admin will be giving away sticker and photocards during (crown) Further announcement will be out soon (sparkling heart)…
The concept of time with its past, present, and future became an important aspect of the way people understood the world around them.
Gridley or Stark placed a stake about 100 feet (30 m) in front of the fence and ordered that no one fire until the regulars passed it.
For a few pennies some children will tell you the story.
than housing units How many
Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
scored the first touchdown of
London and the political weakness of the Dauphin to try
A lonely place where people realize the real peace of life..!! Waterfall (OK handOK handOK hand)
The town lies immediately next to the falls, which are also called Manguinze.
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
The city is home to many different peoples, including Jews, Christians and Muslims.
to the rebellion in 1258
earth unlike anyone else in
Since then, China's economic size has grown by nine times.
successful as later threats from hostile natives such as Apaches
Hope everyone is wishing happy bday today. That’s the broski ! (zipper-beakenswan)
In the 1960s, new, lightweight movie cameras, capable of recording high-quality pictures, began to become available.
goals did the Chiefs score
Bills would answer with a 34yard field goal from kicker
The game is usually played on a long grass field, and the ball is hit with a club.
the census is German
This is super cool (mind blowing mindblowing mindblowing mindblowing mind) how long did they practice ???
Hiking is an outdoor activity that involves walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
Visits to Angkor Wat are best done in the cool of the day, after the heat of the morning.
Flying a drone near an airport or over a crowd is a very bad idea – even if it's not illegal in your area, it will almost certainly cause a fuss.
Modern ice skates have a double blade with a hollow in the middle. The two blades make it easier to turn.
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
I thought i was the only one (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
We are proud to be part of the Pittsburgh-Danish Energy Exchange :Denmark:United States: This collaboration seeks to research, develop and i…
Stark's men took positions along the fence on the north end of the Colonist's position.
had the Bills done before
Just gushing (sweat droplets)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone) (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
COMMITTED (double exclamation mark) (dog facewhite circleblue heart)
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep (face with tears of joy)
defeated Tampa Bay 2417 The Saints went out to a
This is a good game, let me not jinx it. (basketball)
Heels are lower and the tread more slippery, but with more rubber on the sole for better traction.
From "Fat Rob" to "Fit Rob", Kelley kicking off 2018 by doing whatever he can to be better (down arrow)
Tourists may visit particular countries or regions within those countries for leisure or for business.
The presence of such a large number of people made it easier for the individuals to recognize each other, as well as to make any individual identification of the group easier.
Don’t accept bread from people who will brag about feeding you, the next day. (clapping hand) (clapping hand) (clapping hand)
For that, they had to get rid of British bases and ships in Egypt. Besides those actions, Italy's battleships were not supposed to do anything else.
The original settlements, however, lay to the north of Delhi, in the areas of Shahjar (modern day Delhi), Khetri and Montezuma.
They are much more complex than the simple model where the electrons orbit the nucleus, see Figure 1.1.
DIRECT (radio waves) STREAM HORNY (kiss markclapper boardsparkling heart) GIRL
 (warning)Do NOT buy more than 5 albums per Amazon account. It will be considered a bulk buy and will not count towards Billboard.…
of the game After New England took the lead with
for the fewest touchdowns Who
duel with the Jaguars In the first quarter the Cowboys
woods and listen carefully to
Over the centuries, many civilizations have dreamed of creating an empire to dominate the Earth.
Cold weather is perhaps the most common cause of respiratory problems, but in most cases the symptoms are fairly minor and only occasionally severe.
Yo! Sorry I haven’t updated about today’s stream! It’s my dad’s Bday today, so I’ve been hanging with him! (grinning face with big eyes) Stream…
In the 1970s, medical doctor and researcher Raymond Damadian developed the idea of using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis.
field goal The Bears would respond as safety Danieal Manning
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkle) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
fragile foundation Goryeo faced frequent rebellions resulting
The Angkor Pass is needed to enter the temple so do not forget to bring your passport along when heading to Tonle Sap.
Uh oh! waiting to hear who you knocked up and had an abortion with. (zany face)
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (cat face)
Of course, a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards.
My son is too cute not to post (sunflowersun with face sun with heart-eyes)
They should also have the insurer's contact details, including an international phone number for advice/authorizations and a copy of the policy.
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
there than housing units How
quarter the Bills got within one as Lindell got a
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
If you want to get a landline, you'll need to get a POTS line, which usually comes with a landline number.
You're my sunshine Jeon Jungkook. Stay healthy oppa (smiling face with heart-eyesface blowing a kiss)
guardian for years he studied the arc arts of celestial
Always in the mood for (sleeping face grimacing face)
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
"Let's get this party started.  Let's all just come together, you know, Italian style."
Whistler (with a population of 1,677) is a town in the Canadian province of British Columbia, and is the host city of the 2010 Winter Olympics.
MetroRail has two classes on commuter trains in the Cape Town area: MetroPlus (also called First Class) and Metro (called Third Class).
Slow down Jaz (full moon face)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
This concept meant that national governments often found themselves struggling to maintain the balance, and thus national interests.
Dark clouds without rain is an unusual atmosphere.
an Interconference duel with the Jaguars Score""
went into their bye weekFresh off their 9UGoV05XtQMvlajxjqgCK351duhLd55dAdBh3Le11M= from the Jets
Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
“I dont need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick” bit homo but still (injection needlefire)
enslavement for mining and agricultural labor The harsh working conditions
sky was perpetually cast in the hues of dusk with
I know this all too well (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female signface face) (face with tears of joy)
when Tony Scheffler caught an 11yard TD pass Tampa Bay
Showing some curves &amp; belly won't hurt anyone (purple heart)
The main reason for this phenomenon is the result of the lucid dreams expanding the length of time between REM states.
The effect is dependent on the frequency of REM sleep.
with safety Danieal Manning sacking quarterback Aaron Rodgers in his
visible at all hours lived a young named leo who
Raise your hand if you’re married and your total household income is more than both figures. (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
Beard (see-no-evil monkey) ///
Mannn, Imma miss the boys! Great seeing the EastSideFam all together for the last time (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone) Thanks for everythi…
1354 and in 1363 the Navarrese used the captivity of
one particular evening leo noticed a peculiar star blinking with
For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a camping trip is just the ticket.
 (check mark) [ - THIS - TWEET ] (check mark) (to 100+ Followers FAST) (check mark) FOR 100+ Followers FAST (check mark) 0.3
The cell is the smallest structural and functional unit of a living (i.e., biological) system.
Favre completing an 11yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jerricho
Of his presidency? (crossed fingers)
the census is larger German
RB Leon Washington In the third quarter the Chiefs tied
Lions score What was
Drink alcoholic drinks in moderation. Alcohol affects everyone differently, and knowing your own limits is very important.
Prayers up for Pop and the family (folded hands) (light skin tone)
a deep sorrowful power emanating
English How many in percent
This ump is (pile of poo)
The true heart of the nation lies far from dashed hopes, however, lying dormant in the arid desert under the vast sky of New Mexico, waiting to be awakened.
Hey guys, I made my first song. I'm really nervous but I'd love some feedback. Thanks gang (sparkling heart)
He funny asl (face with tears of joy)
They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a "photon".
The main item they are concerned with is receiving information, obtaining information from others, exchanging information with others, and getting others to perform tasks.
rt for good luck (zany face)
They do this by emitting a tiny particle of light called a "photon".
gift allowed her to bring
Today we went on a Haiku Hike! Using our senses for inspiration! (deciduous trerosuphirosbutterfly)
The sport is played between two players, each wielding a sword.
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyzany facedont smile face with tears of joybeaming face with smiling eyes)Let's Go Girl,,,, (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy)
Most of the temple's festivals is celebrated as the temple's anniversary or any major event associated with the temple's deities.
 (face with tears of joy) Very cool!
So today was very productive and eye opening glad to spend it with both my one and only and lil bro (hundred pointskidding faceface with tears of joy)
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
A 100-metre ship carrying a cargo of fertiliser had a lucky escape yesterday from a potential disaster.
honourable captivity Charles V succeeded him as king of France
still value any means to riches after break treaties with
Hangeul is the only purposely invented writing system that is in popular daily use. The alphabet was invented in 1444 during the reign of King Sejong (1418 – 1450).
drops the cover art and tracklist for (raising handsraising hands) Peep (down arrowdown arrow)
Wildlife is among the most challenging motifs for a photographer, yet the rewards can be tremendous.
 (folded handsfolded hands) The Left say that a fetus is just clumps of cel…
many in percent from the
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) fucked yute
Y’all that song BOO’D up is my shit I play it back to back (weary facering with heartsover stressed face)
In 1977, Dogertie Damadian created the first “whole-body” MRI scanner, which he called the ”Nuclear Medicine Machine”.
love when I spin around on it.. (relieved face)
oh no I just used a capital letter for a type parameter (anxious face with sweat) i’m becoming one of them
They need to be dried beforehand if they are to be effective. Spring water, sea water or briny water can be used, best results are obtained with water containing some salt.
There are a limited number of permits reserved for walk-in requests available on a first come, first served basis.
goal followed by Smith completing a touchdown and a 62yard
of Mexico The Catholic Church sustained the Mexican Inquisition torturing
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
10 minutes away from ari’s next post (weary face)
When you're just not vibing with that yellow/green color photo of me taking a photo (camera with flashsparkles)
Some German monks then started teaching the local people.
pass The French king John II had been held captive
the census werent english How
Given how small most of the pueblos are, you'll need to travel to Albuquerque or Santa Fe to find a real "nightlife" (i.e. bars and clubs).
The following pictures show the build-up of the Human Space Station.
years was the first crown
The camera can record video and still pictures, allowing users to capture footage of scenes, subjects, or other things in the real world.
The Dominican Republic (Spanish: República Dominicana) is a Caribbean country that occupies the eastern half of the island of Hispaniola, which it shares with Haiti
10yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson San Diego
 (smiling face with open hands)I just fouled Bron guys (smiling face with open hands). Hi.
by Calvin Johnson and later added more points when Tony
I am convinced (rolling on the floor laughing)
Thank you for your service. (red heart):United_States: (thumbs up) (medium-light skin tone)
In Charlotte, North Carolina, it's possible to find a good quality cut for a fraction of the price.
Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City.
in the second quarter Which
Attention Deficit Disorder "can affect a child's ability to pay attention in school, to socialize with other children, and to focus on tasks."
11yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Cotchery Buffalo would
This advice assumes that travellers do not steal, trespass, participate in the illegal market, beg, or otherwise exploit others for their own gain.
conspiracy theories (scream-face with sweat sweat face)
of her unique abilities one
More NUPES (diamond suit) 4.23.18 Pull Up
If you're feeling energetic, you can head out for a hike.
They are listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
Typical for the Nordic countries, Norway has lots of fjords and valleys that become very steep and often quite narrow at the top, leading down to a steep, often forested valley.
My mom is the only one who deserves all the love (red heart)
 (SOS button) VERY URGENT 99849A-D MOMMA &amp; 4 puppies need a loving home fast (broken heart) just look at this adorable family (paw print) (smiling face with heart-eyes) plsa…
Bay would respond as running back Doug Grant got a
In developed countries, luxury bedding and high-end bedding can be seen more frequently.
Two or more countries can also make an agreement to jointly produce or control a particular economic activity.
he found WR Mike Thomas on a 52yard TD pass
 (smiling face with heart-eyes) (smiling face with heart-eyes) shop
pressure from safety Abram Elam and Leon Washington got
They are very complex entities, consisting, as do all stars, of a hot central region from which gases and dust are ejected, and which, in the case of stars that are visible to the naked eye, have a surface temperature of about 1.1.
If the earth is flat then why this nigga just fall for no reason (sleepy faceface with tears of joyOK hand) (medium skin tonerolling on the floor laughing)
their running game Buffalo's rookie quarterback Paul Posluszny was
Right!! Cuz everyone knows he got those medals at the Dollar Store! (expressionless face)
help me out and I’ll get you you a bowl ? (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (face with tongue)
Guess I'm going back to the Q (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
principal components of the policy of seeking for peace would
It allows students the ability to work at their own pace and control the pace of instructional information.
Wait. who are the captains? You didn’t show the pick! (thinking face)
There have been many different film formats that have been used over the years. Standard 35 mm film (36 by 24 mm negative) is much the commonest.
142. (black small square) Iconic (Florence Welch) attending Harry's concert:
Some people consider postmodernism to be a direct continuation of modernism. Some people view it as a rebelling against modernism.
"Photon" is a tiny particle that gives light and other matter its brightness.
11yard TD pass to WR Deon Butler In the third
Diego would add onto their lead as the second quarter
Y’all go get that (double exclamation mark)
At the top, thick walls and towers were built to protect the inhabitants from attacks.
seokjin and jungkook slaying that falsetto wow their voices are so amazing (copyright) 12v30th
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this (loudly crying face) …
Heart of consideration (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Its origins are traced back to a ritual performed by ancient astronauts?
Into the kicker and roughing the passer against the Giants
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
the first quarter New York took control as QB Brett
to the ancient stories told
Your passport must be valid for at least 6 months beyond your travel dates. An international round/return trip ticket is needed to prove the length of your stay.
really tried so hard not to cry at the cassandra and apollon scene bc my mom is in the next room but goddamn was it hard (loudly crying faceskull)
Time is also how we compare the duration (length) of events.
This GIF has to be retweeted every time you see it. I don't make the rules. (person shrugging)‍ (male sign)
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
The War of Spanish Succession marked the first war whose central issue was the balance of power.
Yeon or Mongol How
DEBUT ALBUM JUST WENT PLATINUM No features. 100% produced mixed mastered engineered written by me (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) FANS WE DID IT!!…
Her husband (tired facepersevering face). She loss too much weight and he wasn't having it..
birthday next month
Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including many valuable personal items and decorative arts.
When moms try to be slick and see if I’m talking to someone (face with rolling eyes)
Jameis Winston threw a touchdown pass to Adam Humphries with
The man suffered minor injuries in the accident.
This left passing lanes open and for the rest of
Vizier Damat Ibrahim Pasha It was decided that the Ottoman
This the same dude who told me he would rather have the raiders miss the playoffs then lose in Round 1 (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
The game is played on grass, and the grass around the hole is mowed shorter and called the green.
The glaciers are not stable, but flow down the mountain. This will cause cracks, crevasses, which may be obscured by snow bridges.
You can customize them to make them easy on the eyes, or with as much or little color as you like.
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension. The steel needle has a slight convex shape so that water molecules adhere more easily to the top of the needle rather than fall off.
I have a problem (weary face) I keep buying the same shade range lipsticks and it’s getting outta hand. I need help (anxious face)
 (eyeseyeseyeseyes) (eyes) @ YOU RN
Make sure your hand is as relaxed as possible while still allowing for as much finger movement as possible - also try not to curve your fingers too much.
Basically, they fall into two categories: Either work while you're there or try and limit your expenses. This article is focused on the latter.
Well played, - tonight's Man of the Match (raising handsclapping hand)
With the votes of Florida, Romney becomes the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination.
Thank u to everybody that came through and showed love (folded handsfolded hands) shout out to for holdin us…
lost due to a broken arm She left passing lanes
For sure, when you do hit the marinas everything will be pretty obvious. You'll meet other boat hitchhikers and they'll share their information with you.
These monster trucks can travel at up to 480 km/h (133 mph; 200 mph).
The human species is by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
a 22yard field goal and in the third quarter with
The hangi can be cooked in a hot pit in the ground.
522 to go but went 3andout After the
Well I think you're thinking of the end result, if I'm not mistaken (thinking faceface with tears of joyOK hand) (medium skin tone)
Out Now Go Listen (firefirehundred points)
observe the star tracking its movements across luminosity over many
there than families How many
A L W A Y S (red heart)
They are separate from the lingua franca, which is a natural or organic language that becomes dominant for one reason or another as means of communication between speakers of other languages.
smaller German or Irish Which
This the mfering world rumble of Chicago public schools (hundred pointsface with tears of joy)
As Delhi became more and more a city of moped and mobility impaired, he found himself increasingly cut off from the street life he had loved as a boy.
Lmfaooooojsjsjs not today I won’t with y’all (weary face)
The victim's family was hopeful that the new investigation would lead to a conviction.
the game the Patriots dominated Tom Bradys 8yard TD
Retweet if you’re broke and want free makeup. I’ll surprise people all day long (sparkles)
Love it.. (heart with arrow) (heart with arrow) (heart with arrow)
total of 40000 men John XVI had a dispute
How many more people are
day while exploring a part
The true meaning of Upgrade (beaming face with smiling eyes)
only score of the game Did Marshawn Lynch get
As the years went by, many words borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment.
I’m deaddd (rolling on the floor laughingface weary)
percent of people were not
many in percent from the
Austrians at a suitable battle terrain As Sultan thought that
81 American and 60 Polish ancestry From 1231 Goryeo was
people are there than housing
First, the switch for the light fixture needs to be turned off or the cable disconnected.
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
He e-mailed the local university and received offers for free room and board as well as a stipend.
My man always in the clutch!! (hundred pointss index pointing up) (light skin tone)
sorrowful cry emanating from deep
Your voice has become a routine (two hearts).
That’s the real ~magic~ (face with crystal ball)
ball allowing defensive end Shaun Ellis to return that fumble
Lolu is actually cuter in person (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Purchase for Peace Program gradually corrupted many Spanish Loyalist resented
Starting in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona, it was quickly joined by Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen and Prague's Running Prague, and then others, including Santiago de Compostela's Running Tours Santiago.
This shit really how I be feelin tho (skullskull)
Right here (smiling face with smiling eyes)-
The sultan's influence extended across the sea, as far as the Ottoman army could reach.
The large housing deficit in many parts of the country is a major factor contributing to high homelessness.
A visit to the site can be conveniently combined with a boat trip to the island.
oh yahhhhh that's the spot. (cat) (video camera): cohty_neo
killing hundreds of people who did not convert to Catholicism
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
anyone who knows me, knows I was made to live on an island. this life gets me. (ocean wavesun) (tulippalm treeheart with arrow)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)better bring extra blankets na boy
I have just found the funniest account on Twitter (backhand index pointing right) You have to follow it (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
They begin as funnels descending from storm clouds, and become "tornadoes" when they touch the ground.
Please use this tag more often: (backhand index pointing right)This tag is for MTV MIAW Latin America under…
the 4th quarter by QB Matt Cassel getting a 2yard
surprisingly 73 However in the second quarter the Patriots were
Increasingly supermarkets are getting a more varied range of ready-made food. Some even provide a microwave oven or other means to heat food.
God Bless America :United_States::United_States:
a pass on third down Under pressure from safety Abram
out of the Erlau castle in order to meet the
In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
The expansion of the law to include such activities represents a significant shift in the approach to gambling.
with a 31yard field goal just before halftime The second
many more housing units are
LOOK AT HIM GO!! (eyes)
were 218590 people 79667 households and 61387 families residing in
Another famous Greek is Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
This is just as good as a morning walk, fresh air in place of coffee!
Spring is here and so are these amazing specials! (smiling face with heart-eyes)
LEGIIIIIIIIIIIIT (hundred pointsloudly crying face)
Raise your plants in the air like you just don't care! (seedling) How to win all 7 flavors of ENLIGHTENED crisps: 1. Like this p…
The first economic reforms were made under the leadership of Deng Xiaoping.
petition for pm to go on a solo tour (smiling face with halo) RT to sign (yellow heart)
Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school.
Chichimeca War the Purchase for Peace program gradually corrupted Many
The Christian army had 10000 Austrians 4000 Germans 3000 reiters
half How many yards did
bring change and peace where
 (video camera): little_milo_munchkin
Happiest birthday, Mimi! Wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy (blue heart)…
families How many more housing
1980 Enesco Country Cousins Bell (smiling face with smiling eyes) …
In many countries, a significant additional cost is the customs declaration, which often must be done in the local language.
The ability to hear the subtle differences between similar sounds, such as the difference between "e" and "æ" in the word "bake" or the sibilant "d" and "tsun", is known as auditory acuity or discriminative hearing.
lead in the third quarter as Thigpen completed
of the game Which players
 (wavy line) these pics are beautifully taken by hellovenus that I cropped into a wallpaper size. feel free to use! (yellow heartsparkles)
Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression or fear was conditional of structuralized PA.
Mike Glennon was elevated to the starting role Glennon led
Backcountry hiking involves an outdoors experience, often in natural settings.
Omg I’m so stressed ughhh (weary face)
The storm, located about 40 miles (64 km) from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph).
Japanese judoka Saito was the dominant force in the Olympic and World Judo Championship for many years.
YA RIGHT! I'm going to take financial advice from (cross)No job (cross)Can't get into college (cross)Doesn't have 2 dimes to rub 2g…
a 1yard touchdown run Chicago would keep the lead in
To help them keep warm, some parks have a fire pit and logs for roasting marshmallows.
which plants had healing power
For the most part, north Africa was a bad place for an Italian to be. On June 10, 1940, within a week of Italy's declaration of war, the British 11th Hussars had seized Fort Capuzzo.
report that a mixed army of Austrians and Transylvanians were
Eyeglasses can be corrected, but not perfectly; the best correction possible depends on the person.
Better Text Me Back (neutral face)
Cookie (red heart)
to watch the sky charting paths between stars and dreaming
order of Im Yeon The next day Im Yeons attempt
"If you want things your way, fork off" (face with tears of joy)
That's why we have fractions, to represent parts of a whole.
Let's do this, ! (red heart)
Although there's virtually no limit to what they can do, most prefer to stick to things they're familiar with, where their enjoyment lies.
In other cases, only those staying outside of the country need to register.  However, this makes the process much more complicated.
How many percent were not
Students can also submit questions to instructors at any time of day and expect reasonably quick responses, rather than waiting until the next face-to-face meeting.
momentum going with Rivers finding running back Darren Sproles on
In London, about 200 people protested outside major copyright holders' offices.
Coyote Peterson has the biggest balls of anybody I’ve ever seen. Those click bait names are deadass (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
They look great!! (smiling face with heart-eyes)
villagers as time passed maya
 (loudly crying face broken heart) 3-0...this is awful
It has the same fundamental components as gas, liquid, and plasma.
Living and volunteering in a foreign country is a great way to get to know a different culture, meet new people, learn about yourself, get a sense of perspective and even pick up some new skills.
No more blonde(ish) hair for meeeeeeee (smiling face with open handseffect) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
a BAAAD habit (red exclamation mark)
scored in the first quarter
In short, using the car is a great way to take a road trip but seldom in itself a very good way to "camp".
Since then, time has been very kind to him. His first real career was as a songwriter, performing mostly on the Hawaiian island of Oahu.
of Spanish policy for assimilating natives On their northern frontier
Yasssss (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingOK hand) (medium skin tone) for my xtra asss
the Austrian territory of Siren A historical council was called
Drama's and movie's too~ (face with tears of joy face with tears of joy)
Although the term "Eskimo" is sometimes used interchangeably with "Inuit," it is not considered correct in Canadian and Alaska Native circles.
 (camera) leelakoiwolff: Candice is not afraid.
on a 45yard TD pass The former king John II
run Kansas City closed out the half as Thigpen completed
1: (cross mark)Retweet this (stop sign) 2: (diamond)Like this (triangle) 3: (triangle)Follow all who like and rt this (diamond) 4: (stop sign)Follow back all that follow you (cross mark) 5: (cross mark)Gain fo…
to serve as examples and role models and providing food
smaller than 11 How many
Last week, Naked News announced that it would dramatically increase its international language mandate to news reporting, with three new broadcasts.
kicker Mason Crosby got a 52yard field goal The Bears
The physical state can change, but the chemical state remains the same.
The Indus River is also known as the Ganges River in India.
once in a lifetime opportunity to learn the secrets of
you must be mistaken if you think that she gon take it (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
Im so craving for cornsilog (anguished facecrying face)
many percent of people were
General James Ewing would take 700 militia across the river at Trenton Ferry, seize the bridge over the Assunpink Creek and prevent any enemy troops from reinforcing.
ventured into before dawn heard
2 or more races How
Look out The AG and the boys are going after Robert Mueller ‘s girlfriend. Expect the spin (down arrow) (medium-light skin tone) …
Think he is dropping it this weekend (firefire)
Weezie76 25 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 25 people.
from the census werent English
The road is usually cleared of snow and often covered with fresh snow, making it quite dangerous for unwary visitors.
made the score 2417 after Jameis Winston threw a touchdown
Lmfaoooo bro I’m crying (face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing)
Dinners over but I still have a taste for you. (face savoring food)
David Buehler hit a 34yard field goal But they fell
Jets went home for a Week 3 Divisional AFC East rematch
Cut photos. (smiling face with smiling eyesred heart) (heart with heart eyes) (red heart)
but ended up on the bench for the rest of
Since the 19th century, immigration agencies have grown from being a supplement to the traveler's game of "face saving" to being a necessary part of beginning of a trip overseas, especially for those unacquainted with travel, culture, language or foreign country.
Pittsburgh also known as The Igloo From the time of
when he switched spoons (rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyloudly crying face)
I do that whatever the type of movie asln (face with tears of joywater pistol) But i can say that “the best of me “ is definitely at the top of the list (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Typical for the period, Kirby Muxloe Castle is more of a fortified house than a castle.
Is there any group that is single? Shots fired (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
month after the dauphins accession and just days before his
end of the game How
The presence of these dreams, hallucinations and delirium in the pursuit of these experiences led to the individual becoming separated from the reality of their own state.
Cameron Parks &amp; Tyler Hill Complete Video (clapper board) (backhand index pointing right) °°
York soared off to an early lead as running back
Sikhs call their religion Gurmat, which is Punjabi for "way of the guru". The guru is a fundamental aspect of all Indian religions but in Sikhism has taken on an important significance and become an essential component of Sikh faith.
Grab a Mao Mao hug. And here’s another one. (red heart)
What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word "cella", meaning "small room".
Here is as if he were a Disney Character! Thank you I absolutely love it! (red heart)
held in lieu of many
passes as New Orleans defeated Tampa Bay 2417 The Saints
For those who enjoy outdoor activities, a trek up the Sandia Mountains, just east of Albuquerque or Santa Fe, is essential.
Idk why but tbz was in my dream last night (face with tears of joy) at first i saw younghoon then i screamed his name and he become shy th…
quarters did Trent Edwards play
How many more people are
But in other parts of the world, where the bacteriological fauna are new to you, you're far more likely to run into problems.
In the fourth quarter San Diego sealed the win with
The steel needle floats because of surface tension.
As for medieval castles, they were primarily fortified houses, designed for defense as much as for living in.
Catholic Church sustained the Mexican Inquisition torturing and killing hundreds
Malcom Floyd followed by a 10yard TD pass to wide
The most common cause for accidents in winter is slippery roads, pavements (sidewalks) and especially steps.
handle with care (blossom)
When you can dance to ANYTHING (fire)
i even took you back &amp; you still had no chill (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
beckon directly to him intrigued leo immediately it his nightly
Wild animals might either be shy or aggressive.
Watch broadcast: ᖴ0ᒪᒪ0ᗯ my IᑎᔕTᗩGᖇᗩᗰ to see me get really dirty (lightning bolt) (lightning bolt) (lightning bolt) (lightning bolt) (lightning bolt)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
of John II How many
 (shushing faceface with hand over mouthface with hand over mouthface with hand over mouththinking face) (headphonesface with tongue) on_toprecords
TD pass to RB Leon Washington In the second quarter
Disney land (smiling face with heart-eyesperson raising hand)
he gathered stones wood and any materials he could find
goodmorning (heart with arrow)
Cell is a latin word meaning room.
Cinque Terre comprises the five small coastal villages of Riomaggiore, Manarola, Corniglia, Vernazza and Monterosso located in the Italian region of Liguria.
group is smaller English or
Prayers up to coach Pop and his family (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
At the top (or sometimes sides) of the glacier is a layer of snow, ice, or firn.
of Paris than German of
