WendyWilliams aka MR. Williams better leave the Clark Sisters alone. 🤦🏾‍♂️
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
SPLENDID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🙌👏✌️
Lov it!!!!!👍👍👍👍👍
I hate when people prank call me but don’t say shit. Like helloooooo fuck with me at least 😂
jin honestly gives the best advice and encouragement ☹️ bts are so lucky to have someone like him as their hyung https:…
Creed was so underrated 😂
RT:  👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
After like about a month I finally had a pupusa ☺️
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year 🏆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I love my life very much 💗🍊✨ Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
prom is not that serious 😭😭 y’all gotta chill bruh
A L W A Y S ❤️
🎀 HAPPY EVER AFTER 🎀 Japan tour start!!!! ❤️💜
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day 😂
She under estimated  fans and especially Blk  😡. Silenced is what she deserved. We'll ta…
imagine seeing bts performing let go live with your own two eyeballs © 12v30th
said NOPE! 🚫
Omegaaaaaattt 😭😭😭😭😭
A L W A Y S ❤️
⚠️‼️ARMYs, we are currently behind in MTV LATIN AMERICA‼️⚠️ 🔐Let’s unlock these as soon as possible 🗳500 RT 🗳300 Replie…
the incident 🌘🔪
Happy Birthday You are a total QUEEN! 👑🔥
“Wassup blood” 😂😂😂
Happy Birthday You are a total QUEEN! 👑🔥
I been NORTH ⬆️ [up] Lara been Croft Plates say  Drop da Benz off
WHO DID THIS 😂😂
I liked a video THE BEST VIRAL VIDEO COMPILATION OF 2018 😎😀😍 FUNNY &amp; AMAZING VIDEOS
Color Coordination ⚪️🔴🔵
FAM RT for a chance to win 2 GA tickets to 🔊 Must follow 🔊 Ends 5/…
50 LIKES &amp; I’ll drop the full song!    SLIDE ⏩⏩⏩
I’m so confused. Does Kaela really think she’s playing everyone and keeping Johnny is her plan? 😂 cuz this is too much
😂 Very cool!
Thanks lovely 😘😘😘
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s latest Instagram post are too much😭😭😂😂
I love me a bitch everybody don’t like. 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
🇺🇸 You’re doing it wrong. 🇪🇸 Lo estas haciendo mal. 🇩🇪 du liegst falsch. 🇲🇽 No si pa’ pendejo no se estudia.
I think I just woke my neighbour laughing at this thread. Postman Patrick and his black and white cat 😂😂😂😂 …
also my professor is a male soooo let’s see how this all plays out 🤷🏻‍♀️
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s latest Instagram post are too much😭😭😂😂
Hi Seattle, you’re cute! 💗
Red Carpet ✔️ Official Press Conference ✔️ Opening of is June 28th! 📸: Donald B. Kravitz
He spoke nothing but the truth 🤭🤭
Take it away, Brandon. Day 73.🤪
SOS Condoms, Durex is not here to play This ad funny 😂 😂 😂 😂 🤣🤣🤣🤣
He really squared up with the cop 😂😂😂
Follow everyone who Retweets this 🏆
Pure magic from ✨
AHGASE....LETS KEEP TWEETING WE CAN DO THIS!!💚 (as for 7:20AMKST) 1. B : 61.8k 2. :26.7k🚨🚨
Follow everyone who Retweets this 🏆
I could think about 1 situation for days that shit bad 🤦🏽‍♂️
Flip it like a waffle ✊🏾
craving some aguachilles rn😩
🐯: my name is Tae... Armys: ...TAE! aw this is so cute, i love when Taehyung wants us to call him TaeTae, he's so adorab…
From "Fat Rob" to "Fit Rob", Kelley kicking off 2018 by doing whatever he can to be better ⬇️
When say I wanna call ya mom phone and tell her she raised A LIL BITCHHH!!! 😧 I FEEL it! 🙌🏾
mmmmm luv the buttholes 🤤🤤
I heard you blasting his music when you was riding through segar street 😅
Grab my  and don't let go!  🍑👀
I heard you blasting his music when you was riding through segar street 😅
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
You know I’m gone have something 😂 but keep me updated. I’m in the gym lol
if this isn’t what you call love, then i don’t know what will 💚😢😍
Nice Tweet
INCIARTE ➡️ ALBIES ➡️ FREEMAN Hey. We got next.  |
an  for a chance to  100,000 ZDR tokens 1. Follow 2. Click here 👉 3. Click the g…
Y’all have no choice but to get married 😂
How are you so pretty? It’s unreal 😍 — Ah thank you that’s so sweet &gt;u&lt;
Nice sister you got there lending u some pearl white air forces 💁🏼‍♀️
From "Fat Rob" to "Fit Rob", Kelley kicking off 2018 by doing whatever he can to be better ⬇️
cook your brown rice longer !!🙄 Or LOWER THE DAMN PRICES
I’m really gon read the whole thing too 🤣🤣how old is she bc she tf stressed
I can’t stand a person who feels the need to go to social media with everything 🤦🏽‍♀️
When bae takes you out for ice cream🍦😍😍😍
Taraji is all booed up with her man and we are 100% here for it. She recently posted a video of him kissin' up on her 👀 Ch…
3 months and countiiing💕💕💕
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself-  ✨🖤
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
need a prom date 🤧
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this 😭 …
Got called a rat just now cause im from out east 😪
army, rt this to gain bts stan mutuals and follow everyone who rts 🌹
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
🏀 RT &amp; FOLLOW If gets a TRIPLE DOUBLE, one of you are getting a 🔥HARDEN JERSEY🔥🔥🔥 WIN $1,000,000…
Lying To You (Satin Jackets Mix) by GOLDROOM • Listen 🎧
“Boop 🙃” -Vasy
Get my dog eye surgery 🐶
Keep streaming DNA fam!! A little more push and we'll achieve 350M VIEWS 🔥🔥 DNA ⬇⬇ [
thank you for my new lockscreen💓
I mean, I’d even cut my hair and change my name 🤷🏻‍♀️😂
🌜VECTOR ART TIME FOR THE MOON NIGHT WALLPAPERS🌛 🌚[White / Black / Navy Blue / Indigo]🌝
Thank you 💯
🎈😕WE ARE ALL LIVING IN A BUBBLE UNTIL SOMEONE POPS IT AND MEKES US SEE REALITY😕🎈
🌜VECTOR ART TIME FOR THE MOON NIGHT WALLPAPERS🌛 🌚[White / Black / Navy Blue / Indigo]🌝
nct's renjun😸
Ian holding bacc either 💯
🚨EVENT ALERT🚨 Kids' Karaoke Night on May 11th. It's free, but we'll be collecting donations if you're…
Myyy babbyyy. Youre so cuteee. I loveee you 💗💗💗💗💗💗
📹: chowpuppies
me baiting my crushes w nudes 😚
Thank you lovely!! You are too💓💓💓😊
Y’all😂😂😂😂😂😂my friend sent me this from last night. Every time I drink I be trying to argue with EVERYONE 😩😩 …
hmm, anything spicy 🌶
On god😂
He Pregnant Too Duh 😂
Before &amp; After. 3 Months✨✨✨ Using Our Beard Oil 2x Daily, Balm Once Daily, Wash 2-3x Weekly.…
Before &amp; After. 3 Months✨✨✨ Using Our Beard Oil 2x Daily, Balm Once Daily, Wash 2-3x Weekly.…
niggas don’t be nun but embarrassments 🙄
I just wannaaaa knooowww who be saying you look 12 tho? 🤔
Then why did you announce on tv that it was due to the "Russia thing"? You must have been lying again😏
Life is so good rn ☺️
Beyoncé's dancers before hitting the stage.   💗
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
Never underestimate the power of a scarf. 😳
[FOTO 📷]180418 JAPAN OFFICIAL ➡ FANMEETING Vol.4 'Happy Ever After' en Tokyo -SUGA- &gt;&gt;AgustD Cr.
🐈🐈Good morning🐈🐈
army, follow who retweet this 🐶
my votes for tonight’s 04/18 🧡💛  |   😍😍🎤✌🏽🔊🎚🎼🤞🏽  😘😉❣️🙏🏽🔥…
Happy Birthday bro Keep it wacky and wild. Best wishes! 😁
They look great!! 😍
i really dgaf who you is 😂😂 watch how you talk to me 🗣
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” 😭💀
How beautiful❤🐶
Famous Dex explains the time he got CATFISHED in Hollywood 😂😭
can school be done already?🙄
Follow everyone who likes this🐱
When is the music video coming Queen? 😫🙌🏽
📷 lit-bxby: x
street party 🍻
⏬Date with local hotties at ⬇ 😎😎♨💖 porn Gay sex Live xxx Bare Asa nsfw callgirl video camel How…
I just can’t wait for June 😭😭
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself-  ✨🖤
rt for a screen recording of me quoting a vine that reminds me of you 🤪🤪
That’s the real ~magic~ 🔮
My DM’s open .. shoot ya shot 👀
Sometimes love just isn't enough🤷🏽‍♀️ ...
hmm um “i need to get this album for school they require for me to have one since we support bts” idk😔
What is alcohol poisoning?  ⬇️
just a not-so-friendly reminder ✨
New Jurassic World trailer 🦖
PLEASE RETWEET!!!! this would mean so much to me thank you 💕💞💗💖
rt this to gain bts stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back 🌻
Cause nobody in that mf could teach 😂
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
LeBron scores Cleveland’s first 16 points en route to a 20 point first quarter 👑
LeBron James to all his haters right now. 😂
This video will always be funny “my Busch light is gone” 😂😂😂
👆🏾Buy/Lease Link In Bio👆🏾 Subscribe &amp; Like on YouTube and SoundCloud Link in Bio 👆🏾…
This happened to me on Monday 😑
I don’t care how the are doing, listening to Gary, Keith &amp; Ron is my favorite. But hey let’s get that W 😂
LeBron James to all his haters right now. 😂
Since she has so much money, can she PLEASEEEE fix her hair color ? 😂
I will always choose you ❣️
He spoke nothing but the truth 🤭🤭
🏆 MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS 🏆 BEST DANCE COVER: →  +  (
go JAY 💖 sitting by you in discussion and happy to see this ✨
Think he is dropping it this weekend🔥🔥
Extremely proud of for making the UT Austin Pom Squad 🧡! You deserve this Ashley!
You are truly a gift from god ♥️♥️♥️
BBQ season has officially began for me 😎😁👊🏻
That shit be making you tear tf up once they ask you 😭😂😂😂
When your hair ain’t done , anything you put on don’t look right to you 😂🤦🏾‍♀️
🎬🎬 🎥🎥🎥 ▶️▶️▶️Banging the Babysitter
What if there's an anime about art movements and styles as humans? 😂 (Parody- I tried to draw some of them hehe) Good Morning…
ㅤ Dear Mom and Dad , because of you I am what I am today, thank you, I love you. 😙 ㅤ
So today was very productive and eye opening glad to spend it with both my one and only and lil bro 💯😂😂
Party ros PC 😂
FILTHY. LeBron dropped 29 points, 8 rebounds and 4 assists in the first half. 🎥
Creed was so underrated 😂
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
ya boi is coming home 😭
I believe it 110% 🇺🇸
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me 🤣
Im so craving for cornsilog 😧😢
ㅤ Dear Mom and Dad , because of you I am what I am today, thank you, I love you. 😙 ㅤ
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me 🤣
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me 🤣
These photos im editing right now 😩🔥
142. ▪ Iconic (Florence Welch) attending Harry's concert:
Creed was so underrated 😂
The only acc that matters😍
yeahh your right🙄
We can’t wait to see boo 😌💜
Jus learned how to tie 🅰️ tie 👔 , Yayyy Ⓜ️e❗️😁👏🏽😭
Thoughts and prayers to Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich. 😔🙏
Congratulations to TWICE for winning  on MBC Show Champion with "What Is Love?" 😍🎉🏆 A song that is truly deserving of the
They call me tchutchukao...someone explain 🤣
Idk why but tbz was in my dream last night 😂 at first i saw younghoon then i screamed his name and he become shy th…
yeahh your right🙄
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
“Twilight Zone” 🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲
Idk why but tbz was in my dream last night 😂 at first i saw younghoon then i screamed his name and he become shy th…
142. ▪ Iconic (Florence Welch) attending Harry's concert:
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
I finally understood why nobody likes me 🙃I don’t look like all this girls which has exactly the same face, because…
Wow, who wants to be here right now? 🙌🏻 This waterfall is the tallest man-made waterfall in the world! The Cascata delle…
Amazing young lady! 👏👏👏👏
😂😂😂 I remember that, learning to ride a bike
She’s red ❤️
KIIIIIIIIINGS💓
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” 😭💀
BANANA DREAMS 🍌🦋
When you can dance to ANYTHING 🔥
And she look 100x better😹💪🏾
Thank you! 🤠
Are you with us or not? 🤷🏿‍♂️
I thought it, but CEO said it. 🤷🏾‍♂️
All them turnovers 😑 that's a big problem can't nobody handle the ball well for the Cavs
I...... I think you think my boyfriend is a girl. 😂
˚ · ✩ ࿐ ࿔ ₍💌₎ . . . ⤑ ❝ We can get through it, together. I believe in us, we got this. ❞
And just like that, The Resistance™ was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
Reallllllly want pizza, but also dont wanna be fat for the rest of my life😭
WTH AKACHU WH0 WHAT WHEN NANI U NEVER MENTIONED IT TO ME???? 👀👀👀
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
It's effect of saint Rampal ji.  👇👇👇
Ma chimpanzee mini skirt nhy3 it won’t be sexiest. Massa Wo y3 tough 😂
And just like that, The Resistance™ was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
180415 KCON Convention 💘💘💘
doggy ft woman on top? heaven💦 (2/2)
This ump is 💩
He funny asl 😂
This ump is 💩
🆕 ⒶⓅⓇⒾⓁ 🔞 Claudia Marie BBC At AVN 😍
Sunset at the beach 🏝 Eyes: palette 35b violate Brows: prec…
Sober date ideas! ✨bowling ✨shoplifting ✨cut off thumbs and switch to other hand/sew on new thumb ✨shit ur pants ✨127 Hour…
jin gave jimin a piggy back ride 🖤
RT: Conceptual Virtual Tours 🏘 🏠 🏡 🏙
Our Germany dates start tonight! They’re all sold out! 🎸
Yasssss 🤣🤣👌🏽  for my xtra asss
RT THIS AND IN 5 MINUTES GOOD LUCK WILL COME🙏👌🙌
I love Knoxville &amp; all but I can’t wait to be back in gville with my people ❤️
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
Here we go…..❤️🕺🎤🎭
LeBron scored 13 points before anyone else on either team scored 😳
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. 💪💜 ‘FACE YOUR…
petition for pm to go on a solo tour😇 RT to sign💛
Good morning South Africa😭😭😭
Release emotional stress NOW❤️ ❤️
petition for pm to go on a solo tour😇 RT to sign💛
😂😂😂 trust you lmao
ong and jihoon in clavis seeing them like this really change my whole mood im so happy for it 💜
Release emotional stress NOW❤️ ❤️
you will do yes yes you will 🤣🤣
this is comedy 😭
Honestly couldn’t be blessed with Anything better ❤️❤️
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night 🗣 …
[INSTAGRAM COMMENT] tiffanyyoungofficial: hey sunshine ☀️
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
I hope one day you’d be able to do the things you wanna do together ❤️ Happy  😌
This my niece 😂😂😂😂
I just found this on the ig hashtag «  » OMGGG I‘M CRYING ITS TOO BEAUTIFUL FOR MY EYES 💧 …
I know 😂 maybe they snuck on a boat
I’m an idiot 😂😂😂😂😂
The ElyXiOn |
They left a place for Yixing 👀💗
zombie gaming 💤
I just found this on the ig hashtag «  » OMGGG I‘M CRYING ITS TOO BEAUTIFUL FOR MY EYES 💧 …
DEBUT ALBUM JUST WENT PLATINUM No features. 100% produced mixed mastered engineered written by me 😂😂😂😂 FANS WE DID IT!!…
'Wonder Woman 2' is shaping up to be amazing 😍
Take a long hard look at yourselves 😡
What class ;) I wanna join 😂💕
If I can’t be this comfortable around a female, I’ll just stay single forever 😴✌🏾
You just have to pick better next time! I need to interview them 🤣😂
DEBUT ALBUM JUST WENT PLATINUM No features. 100% produced mixed mastered engineered written by me 😂😂😂😂 FANS WE DID IT!!…
diced pineapples 🍍
Do you like Astrology? What’s your Zodiac Sign?😊😃😁😇🌺❄️🎆🌠🎉🎀♈️♐️ — virgo
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
📹 Flaunt Magazine featuring Bebe Rexha We directed, shot and edited this short editorial video in NYC...
What if there's an anime about art movements and styles as humans? 😂 (Parody- I tried to draw some of them hehe) Good Morning…
7 princes on the stage 😂😂😍😍
⏬ watch ⏬ latex porn doggystyle fingering anal fetish reality ride nurse hospital asstomouth…
When moms try to be slick and see if I’m talking to someone 🙄
Bts from today 💖
Please play  by Niall Horan? Thank you ♥️
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
New hat 📹: cattery_greycat
Halftime 😳
Happy birthday hope it’s a good one ❤️
i hate the word no.... like what the fuck is a no😐
Where’s the fun in that tho? 😂
I saw this at a bus stop in New Cross Gate! 😢
8 days until a young prospect becomes a member of the  at the 2018  🙌
oh shit 👀🤩
rest in peace erin ❤️
🙏🙏  ❤️  ❤️ This man in Rio bathes, dresses &amp; then…
Time to smack iran hard and show them a lesson!🇺🇸
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there 🤣
THE JEANS ARE ALREADY IRONED BOY 😂😂
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute 🙄
Lmaooo 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ blocboy jb is the best thing to happen to crip rap in some time now
Mate I am Yusra 😤😤😤 so how’s about movveeeeeee
Wednesdays are for you, shawty 😻
Please support ARMYs in Latin America 💜❤️! Vote for using the hashtags
SHAME ON YOU MSNBC 😤
Nerf double shotgun? omegaLUL nerf triple shotty 😂
🗣 YUUUUUP!!! RT goes yard for the 10th time this season, and we lead 5-1 💪
CLASSIC: When you thought were about to sign 😂🤦‍♂️👏
This thread may just be the future of the internet. 👇👇👇
Happiness and Positivity 🌻
Before &amp; After 😘...
my renegade is officially minnesotan! 💙
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
Tomate un redbull 😅
Ready to pop! 😉
The judge found that Kris Kobach: ❌ Disobeyed court order by failing to give registered voters consistent information ❌ Failed to…
Peace be unto you my brother🙏🏽 More life and success🍾🎈🎉 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟living
Heart of consideration😊
Lmaooo 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ blocboy jb is the best thing to happen to crip rap in some time now
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless 😂😂 …
This Morning i tried my and i can say i really love it. Thank you guys💋🌹
Oh god Bridg 😱😭
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
🦄Words of wisdom for my week, that I really needed to hear today. “Don’t let someone else’s opinion define you” from
Y’all it’s just something about baseball players...you ever just watch their form when they bat🤤🤤🤤
Lol thank u 😘
Hey guys, I made my first song. I'm really nervous but I'd love some feedback. Thanks gang 💖
GUYS! HELP HIM! He deserves to be in the top 12 ❤️ RT THIS NOW
Be that as it may 👽
In my imagination I am wearing mood color lipstick, top lip is bright fuchsia &amp; bottom lip is jet black WHAT DOES IT ALL MEANNNNN 🤣🤣
🗞️K-media are up and reporting on BTS's LY:Tear pre-sales topping Amazon's bestseller list at  …
Dude and make my day so much FUCKING better😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 🤘❤🤘😝🤘💙🤘
Watch  💘 8Teenboy Twink HD Videos 💘 on ▶️ ◀️ Euroboys on [
This is why I don’t reply to people on Facebook. Y’all listen to this 😂🤦🏾‍♀️
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
ramirez just broke up with the band😔✌🏽
Thank you God for waking me this morning ☺️
Thank you God for waking me this morning ☺️
Damn youngins lookin to be internet popular. 🙄
This the mfering world rumble of Chicago public schools 💯😂
i wish i was inspired to be like me too 🙁
I hope this Nigga kno he got a real one🤷🏾‍♀️
Nice 1st name spelling! 👍😉
i like how guy friends play scrap each other i want female friends like that cos sometimes i just b in a fighting mood 😂
Yo, I swear my skin makes me so happy. 😇🤗
their smile 😃 their eyes 👀 their lips 👄 their hair 👱‍♀️ their laugh 😝 their smirk 😏 their humor 👌 their weird face 😜
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Damn 😔
Coach Matt Wednesday ✨
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately 😂😂
Feel so proud and special to be a part of it . Everything about that night was amazing ♥️
I’m always down for bookstore dates! Plus I need specific books anyways 🤗
The worst are the people that don’t realize Jesus was a Jewish preacher. 🙄
this job hunting shit is driving me crazy 🤦🏻‍♀️
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
He just wanna come over 🙄
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately 😂😂
American🇺🇸 guys don’t like orientals
conspiracy theories gmfu🤯🤯
Ivorians are too wavy😭 🌊  🇨🇮
So hot 🔥 My Devit ❤️
We asked experts to watch clips of Klaroline’s relationship and weigh in on the couple’s behavior 😬
Genuine Thermos® Brand - April Earth Day Promotion -
the bus driver is yelling at this poor kid bc he's trying to get on the bus but the front door isn't working 😳
Hearing this new and thinking to myself: " 🤔 hmmmm, I think the world really needs this kinda energy right…
My 1st beginnings🙌🏾 in case yall didn’t know before I was a solo artist i was in a girl group called SISTA! We were under…
notittryagain 10 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 10 people.
if this is what you are doing👇🏻 Idiots
👃🏽👃🏽 good morning .. he wanted to say 👋🏼
EXO Commemorative Medal 🥇 Special Medal - 165,000 won General Medal - 82,500 won Front design - EXO’s face Back design -…
This woman got the sweetest surprise for her 103rd birthday 😻🎂
Plot twist.🧐🧐
🌟Get this tweet to 399 replies!🌟 ➡We are running behind in this category!⚠👇
Drake letting Kelly Oubre hear it 😳
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 Nat Geo Wild Renews 'The Incredible Dr. Pol,' 3 Other Shows (Exclusive)
yet another reason why y’all disgust me😂 foolery.
Don’t worry Be happy 😊 😊
I wish tf I would ask a nigga to marry me 😂😂😂. Issa joke!
RT: Holiday Inn HolidayInn  🏨 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Y’all one molecule off from being meth heads 💀
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless 😂😂 …
their smile 😃 their eyes 👀 their lips 👄 their hair 👱‍♀️ their laugh 😝 their smirk 😏 their humor 👌 their weird face 😜
All this happiness bcs they sais our name  woooow😍🙄😶 our nini 🐻😘😘😗    https…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Jerry💯💯
➫ NCT We the Dream Chaser       and  🔜
The best sign to fall in love with is a Pisces 😁💯
How about some free cash to spend however you please? 🤗😎 Enter our draw for a $50 AMEX Gift card!
Plz Retweet! CRAZY ALIEN INVASION PRANK 🤣🤣    …
i need it ! 🤤
Focused AF 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽 it's not easy but it is all about freedom and building the future I want.
belongs to the grynders 🍴 ・・・ We don’t do Mondays, we are Mondays.…
How about some free cash to spend however you please? 🤗😎 Enter our draw for a $50 AMEX Gift card!
THE JEANS ARE ALREADY IRONED BOY 😂😂
I thought i was the only one 😂😂
I love you omg 😭😭😭😭😭
Lob me some tuition money 🙈
Me right now 😵
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
I’m cracking up that one of Kourtney Kardashian’s eyeshadow shades on Kylie’s palette is called Gluten Free 😂
Vote For ➡️ Best Actor  ➡️ Best Movie  🏆 Link :
........ classic. lol hopefully you get it sorted! 😅
progress!! 🙂
✨🌹✨  ✨🌹✨ Our  and  *First Lady* at Mar-a-Lago Welcoming Japans  Shinzo A…
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Kylie Jenner shares a video of baby Stormi 👼🏽
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT 🎲TOMORROW 🎲 1PM ET / 10AM PT
Thanks love let’s hang soon!! 💕
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” 😭💀
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
The full story of pie-ing onstage is as hilarious as it is iconic 😂👏
Unsay nice color sa hair? 😊
Jealous of every person at umass Amherst who gets to party with cardi 🙄🤦🏼‍♀️
is pretty in pink. 👙 📷:
oh no I just used a capital letter for a type parameter 😰 i’m becoming one of them
Woke up with a feeling today. I might just have to start my game and keep it real with y’all now. Missed streams and fans💯…
You won't believe what Obama says in this video 😉
RT in 5 seconds for good luck! 🍀
It’s that time of year! 🌸
Pixie is giving away Gigi bikinis while suppIies last! Make sure you get one😍 👙 …
You won't believe what Obama says in this video 😉
🍉RETWEET ☘ 🚩LIKE ☘ 🍉FOLLOW ☘ 🚩GAIN WITH  🍉    🚩    🍉
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
Scanning Overwatch Archives Challenge files… Now activating: UPRISING STORY MODE 👉 https://t.…
That nigga a creep😂😂
Fourth year in a row for “I’m very, very proud." 👏
what happened to your parody account 😂😂😂
Ohhhhh see you on  mami 💃🏻
king of jumping ©️ light_gif
Rt for a blessing🙏🏾
let’s get it 🙏🏽
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like 🤔 Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
Please help, man needs his boat! 🙏🏻
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
Honey, what wud u know abt the truth 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Everyday🤧
best feeling😩💖
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: 🔥Nike Zoom KD10: Teal, 🚹Sz11.5, DS🏀. …
Dinners over but I still have a taste for you. 😋
Ohhhhh see you on  mami 💃🏻
Y’all😂😂😂😂😂😂my friend sent me this from last night. Every time I drink I be trying to argue with EVERYONE 😩😩 …
My friend is being a complete dumbass and been postin the same thing on others curiouscat 😂 sorry vro.
1st attempt vs 2nd 😭 Inspired by album 💕
The Army don't care about retweets 😂
he wants a baby so bad 😂😂😂😂
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately 😂😂
Never forget  the single of all singles 🌙
Ong going to the jungle when he's scared of bugs... my dear boy.... good luck? 😂😂😂
When yu relate to brazy 😒
Getting back to getting my self right 🤫
My grades tho 💪🏽🤸🏾‍♀️👌🏽💯
Catch a sneak peak of Sloane on tonight's episode of 🖤😏on
‼️🚨‼️AT&amp;T is pulling out the stops to kill the CA net neutrality bill before it gets a vote. Call 916-82…
ten&amp;aring_ringsjenta knulle hardt 👉 👈 free traili porno tv cheryl cole cumshots facial c…
Why one chooses to stay?? Someone just called and answered: "Because there is still LOvE" 😉😍😛
This the only part of the song I like 😸😸
🥋💙☯️👊🏽💪🏽 — feeling thankful at Jones Karate-Jujitsu Warriors - Golden Tiger Hombu Dojo
[ 'The Boys' has surpassed 189 million views on YouTube. ✨ More 11 million untill 200M!
hey. hope you're okay 🙆‍♀️
I have the worst migraine and this workout did not help 🤬
Before &amp; After 😘...
Funny how you always there for people, but nobody is there for you 🤷🏽‍♀️ I’m use to it though
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. 💪💜 ‘FACE YOUR…
ugh me honestly she deserves the accolades she gets 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Slide in my dms PLEASE😭😭❤️❤️
Make it happen. Shock everyone! 🎓
PFA Team of the Year ✅ Captain's armband ✅ Premier League clean sheet no. 17 of the season ✅ Not a bad day, eh David? 😉 https:…
Y’all that song BOO’D up is my shit I play it back to back 😩💍🤞🏾
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
Just don't run out of Beers, and I talkin' bout Coronas 👍🏾..
🙏🏽Tesla’s really blessing these days
I kept an orchid alive for an entire year! This just happened a few days ago. 😬
my mom was asking me who I wanted to invite to my graduation party &amp; I realized I have a small ass group of friends 💀
You already know I had to bring my sauce to Coachella!!! Littty dances!! 😂😂
EARLY RELEASE ‼️‼️ GO CHECK OUT MY NEW SONG ✨WOOSAH✨ OUT EVERYWHERE NOW 🔥 …
Straight pudding pops 😂
The trust level 😳😶👀
WHO DID THIS!? 😭😭
You know what you're supposed to do when this happens. Make a doughnut run! 🔥🍩⏰
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Adding you to the long list of places I will not look to again. Bye 👋
RT if you prefer your fruit &amp; veg packaged like this! ⬇️⬇️⬇️
It ain’t even nothing against you, I just don’t fuck with you like I use to 😕
SO CUTE!!!! ✨💛
Nothin' but smiles when we roll ⚡️
RT: Daniels Run ES    for  at  🕰️🖥️🎮💎
[ blackpinkofficial ]     🖤💚🖤
Me neither! It’s so surreal..so many good memories with you guys❤️
🚶You owned a car 🚗🚗 for 4⏰📅 years⏰👍. You🚶 named it👱 Brad👱. You💑❤💗 loved💕Brad💕😙. And then you🚶⚠ totaled⚠🚧🚗🚙 him🚦. You two 💏…
So i’ve got a friend, Her man posted a pic of her on snap saying “Happy Birthday B 🎉💪🏾💜” Exactly as that... Is there a problem…
New Video Out Now On (Yeezy Walkin) 🔥 Go Tune In
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
It ain’t even nothing against you, I just don’t fuck with you like I use to 😕
sungyeol asked ly to post these pics of secretary lee (kim seulgi) with ✌ pose on sns LMAO
next week is my last full week of college... ever 😭😭 I’m also picking up my cap and gown today so like wtf
Physics 2 is all about circuits and that’s right up my alley so it’s super fun 🤗
✨ 1k Follower give away! ✨ I'm giving away a Kaneda Falco amiibo! 💊 How to enter: just RT! Must be following me (
corgimin's super jump 🐶💛
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
I THOUGHT HIS HAIR WAS PURPLE IN THE FIRST PIC AND I GOT REALLY EXCITED 😭😭😭
When Cardi B said... “I gave you more than I gave myself. So loyal to you that I betray myself." I felt that. ‼️💯😕
⏪⏪⏪Troll
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
Men do have babies. 😌 Liberals are not all that bright.
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
Sorry 😐
⏪⏪⏪Troll
.   ☢3/11/11 *SOS* to Earthlings 11/…
Idk who taught my baby this BS‼️😂😂😂😂 IG:meetthesaunders24
stormi is so cute, her smile!!!!! 👼🏽💛
Thank you 🙏🏽
what if kanye completely switched up from the inspiring tweets n his next tweet was like "call me charmin ultra soft😒 c…
- I need your ❤️ - I need your ⏰   _Mít_
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
❤❤❤ There are so many ways to say "I love you" ❤❤❤
This Albertan agrees with Collin I'd miss you 😉
Goin’ home😅😢
you must be mistaken if you think that she gon take it 😭😂
RT to join Zarry's Angels™ - already exists - stan zayn y harry - every hour is zarry hour - crackheads only! 🤪 - ias will…
My wallet ya lord menipis 😭
RETWEET this, and we’ll plant TWO TREES. Yep, that’s right. Two trees. Also, 👀 this is the gorgeous forest.
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. 🔥 🔥🔥
Tiana smelling herself, since when do she do the firing ? 🤣
Dylan Hartigan on The Voice- love him!! 💕
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! 🐶🏃
i am ﾟ+*:;;:*　depressed　*:;;:*+ﾟ expect inactivity my dudes 😌
She’s gonna be a major fangirl for just like her momma😍🌸💓
Urwelcone baby💕 happy Thursday
Nahh I'm gone lool the stuff I have saved on my phone 😂😂😂
luh you more I miss you 😭😭
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
doesn't this look like a leasee      ☁                          ☁             ☁               ☁       ☁
THIS MADE ME LAUGH SO HARD 😂😭
Another Signature Move, and combinations.
What we have now  💧🌈
Ohhhh cuteeee 😍😍😍
i really just want to go to the aquarium 🦈
People are funny walla 😅😂
LMAO THE END 😂😂
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
Savoring the afternoon sun with my boys and our bikes ☺👍
Sweet ❤️
No one enjoys finishing media interviews quite like
please help ur girl out guys!! please rt, this is the first time i’ve done this !! ✌️
Well played, - tonight's  Man of the Match 🙌👏
borlogs parin amp 😠
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
let him do what he wants you just gotta scroll away. control yourself 😤
The statue Stanley carved for Phyllis in the finale 😂
I KNOW my page being watched, that’s why I post shit on purpose. 😂
I went to Sephora for one thing &amp; ended up spending $150..... I have a problem🙄
Eat her pussy till she looks like she’s having a seizure if she dies she dies 🤷‍♂️❤️
I be trying to give y’all ugly Mf’s the benefit of the doubt but y’all be feeling y’all selves ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Fellas, u ever been too sad to beat ya meat? 😔
Ariana shared a snippet of  on Instagram! 💧🎶
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! 🤣 mess! 😂
I see you Blake. !!! Spit them bars, then. ! 🔥🔥
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
ΞΨ Still here... Still the realest 💖💚
Friday 😤😤😤
Excited to receive an offer to Vanderbilt University!!!   ⚫️⚓️
I defied the statistics. Small town Lumbee girl turned High School Valedictorian, Honors Grad of UNC w/ ✌🏼degrees, soon t…
Freaking goals! 😍💕
His smile when exo-l was mentioned I literally uwu-ed out loud 😭😭😭
SondraDeeMe 300 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 300 people.
NEW RULE: A Whole Flex song of your choice Word For Word NO FUCK UPS+ADLIBS😏Yeah Issa Challenge fr
Still on them drugs 😐
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." 😂 It's so crazy.…
“For some this place is sanctuary. Forever welcoming back, forever remembering its heroes.” 🏟 NEYLAND STADIUM 🏟
It’s here! My swab kit! Im going to be a bone marrow donor to a stranger! Im gonna save a life! 💚💙 …
Virgos ♍️are very secretive, and not in a Scorpio way secretive, they're secretive to the point where you will never kn…
Dost 😁💚
and a good day to you too my forest prince 🌿
POSTING A SEPHORA GIFT CARD DROP RANDOMLY THIS WEEK! Make sure you have my notifications turned on and your carts ready 🤑
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Beautiful house with a pool🏝This house is under contract, but we can help you find what you’re looking for! First t…
LOOK SISSS🙏🏻🎀🎀
book is so good it’s already 30% off. It’s been out for less than 1 week. 😂
We want that young Sinatra 😏
Imagine this being their 50th year anniversary rather than 50th episode 😩😩😂 still a looOong way but one can hope the bon…
You take that back right now mister 👀
Oomf seriously fts me while he plays games yet still talk to me... 🤗
Goodnight Tayga 😍😍😍😍😍😍 forever and always
🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕🚕 Free Lyft Ride Use promo code: ENTER10 Retweet to. spread free rides soothe
Gary wafting his balls! 👌🏽
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
This Ad is something else 😁
My family ain’t shit 😂
Y'all I said yes to my dream dress and I'm about to STRUT down the aisle 😍🙌🏼
that looks so good 🤗🤗🤗🤗😭❤️
Gonna catch up!! 💪🏼💪🏼
Y'all I said yes to my dream dress and I'm about to STRUT down the aisle 😍🙌🏼
local twitter: looks like zayn didnt follow dua's rules 😂😂😂 10K RTs🔁 45K LIKES♥️
He needs help 🤷‍♀️
Dance Tips - Video : ZUMBA® GOLD LIVE IT UP™ 3-DVD SET: GET GROOVIN' AT YOUR OWN PACE -
🤣😂😭 as i prep for my new moon ritual tonight
Louis when I’m chillin’ yeah that’s my thing
everyone in this is beautiful 💖💗
i never wear red 🍒
. . .🔫 LEFTIST GUN GRAB - PATRIOT PUSHBACK / PA SHERIFF: Pennsyl…
happy birthday to my wife 💞💘💖💓💗
Fr tho 😊
She’s so good 😊
🌌 pandeep moodboard 🌌
Absolutely 💯💯💯  saved my life 🍃💚
seokjin and jungkook slaying that falsetto wow their voices are so amazing © 12v30th
Hi hope you had a good journey home. Here are the fes-tea-val details - 😀☕🍵
paul’s brother is fine like paul 🌝
That’s when you just don’t wear a shirt at all and keep the hoodie 🤷🏻‍♀️
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
[ STREAMING UPDATE ] We are blown away by the power of NCTzens! 🔥🔥🔥  just hit 1M Views...in 8 Ho…
Looking to Secure our 5th Straight Capitol Region Victory... ⛳️: 📅: 4/21-4/22 🕑: 11:30 AM
Ebony play with her pussy in public 👉👉
😡EXACTLY!!!🤬
RT if you think should run for the office of  🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
I’m learning to be stronger now! Ladies don’t settle for less, I promise someone out there is going to give you the world!  🌹💯
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
He can be an a-hole at times but I wholeheartedly pray for him and their family. 🙏
Every time I pull up to Vic crib i take nap and today I fell asleep with his dog 😬
I dont be flexing, I really be poppin 📍
most people: thank GOD the world didn’t end 😰 i was scared shitless! me: wow i didn’t do my homework because of this sh…
ooowee 😭😍
Independence from what? The British empire that gave them the land 🤔
"We don't have to run. Let's just walk." I promise to be with you all until the end.  🖤 https://t.…
🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠 Amazing world 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯 .
I been NORTH ⬆️ [up] Lara been Croft Plates say  Drop da Benz off
- best part of today? Your song IN MY BLOOD by is about to play! 🎧:
🚨🚨🚨Solids and stripes are here! Come party with us 🦄
Lol if I didn’t already have a schedule out here for visiting shit I would of been there 🙌🏻
All These Hate Filled Lying Corrupt Democrats That Let Obama Run Wild Like A Drug Lord 💥 T…
I just found this screenshot from last year and I wonder if remembers this 😂💚
I believe you but sources or anything would be nice 👀
One way mission 🚀
You won't believe what Obama says in this video 😉
🔥 let James Comey know that 11 lawmakers filed charges against him. Brilliant Laura!
- best part of today? Your song IN MY BLOOD by is about to play! 🎧:
Na shooters shoot 😌
baby 🐱
Look up the stats sweetie🤨 38% of America believe in the literal word of your fables🙄 Adam &amp; Eve, Tower of Babel…
I'm loving , more and more.  💚💚💚💚
😂😂 do you have job? Try to work more and save up your money
Can’t wait for my baby to be in a pic with you guys next 😩💗
PLEASE HELP ME!! I NEED 500 RT xx THIS REALLY MEAN A LOT FOR ME, CUZ THIS NOT AVAILABLE IN MY COUNTRY💕 …
Received my second division 1 offer from Robert Morris University!!!  🔴⚪️🔵
Can’t wait for my baby to be in a pic with you guys next 😩💗
Happiest birthday to one of the strongest woman i know ( literally &amp; figuratively 😂) love you beatch…
sehun is busy because of filming i hope vivi and him still have time together 😘😘😘
Weezie76 25 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 25 people.
I won’t curse you out🤗
This track is nothin' but "Unforgettable." 😍
I LOVE YOU 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
[‼️GENIE STREAMING LINKS] [Playlist] 461. 462. 463. …
My week on Twitter 🎉: 10 Mentions, 25 Likes, 7 Retweets, 36.8K Retweet Reach, 10 Replies. See yours with…
Gaten, Caleb e Sadie durante o painel de Stranger Things na Fan Expo Dallas. 😍
😂😂 Shoutout to the incredible save by ... take a look .. RT
One thing for sure two things for certain, if a mf do it once they a do it again 💯
Good morning, Star Dreamers! 😀
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time💞
I hate when I go to the bathroom &amp; there's like 10 stalls available and someone chooses the one right next to mine 😑
YA RIGHT! I'm going to take financial advice from  ✔No job ✔Can't get into college ✔Doesn't have 2 dimes to rub 2g…
Something simple 💋
4/17/18 my angel was finally born. No words describe the love I have for you babygirl💓 …
Hey guys, I made my first song. I'm really nervous but I'd love some feedback. Thanks gang 💖
These yodel kid videos are really getting out of hand 🤠 Casper &amp; B. - ‘Pancake’ x ‘Yodel Kid’ Remix ft. ht…
Squad arriving for Game 2 🚀
4/17/18 my angel was finally born. No words describe the love I have for you babygirl💓 …
Passando dragonballz😍
Retweet to save me!! 💕
Ajsjsksksks sammee 😂 yall don't understand how excited i am for LMJ1, sis is litterall…
If You have One Chance to Meet Only One EXO's member. Who do you want to meet more? 🍀🍁 [👨]
HAHAHAHAHAHA How is this even possible lmao 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Passando dragonballz😍
Army look at this beautiful add on Time Square ‼️
this is honestly the cutest thing ever omg😍
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time💞
Lol it’s only one girl that get to talk bout my forehead and she not even my mama🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️😂😂
this is honestly the cutest thing ever omg😍
Peace and Love to y'all ❤❤
Y’all this tea is piping hot ☕️. Ken from DK4L been cheating on Dearra. I was rooting for them 😭 the last non drama filled You…
Wait LMFAOO is that this 👺 emoji
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
Ajsjsksksks sammee 😂 yall don't understand how excited i am for LMJ1, sis is litterall…
A good night’s work 🌙⚽️
Army look at this beautiful add on Time Square ‼️
A good night’s work 🌙⚽️
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
Both are accurate 😜
Bangtan sharing/buying food for the staff makes me soft, they're so sweet 💔💔
This is so 🔥
😍🤩 Can I HEAR y'all SAY...  ❤️🇺🇸
Sometimes I wonder how I come up with beats like this. God deserves some accolades 🙏🏾💜
Look at these cuties 😻😘😍 Will be back together for much awaited movie
I really really lov this song 😍😂
If only fixing friendships and rebuilding trust was as easy as singing a song to each other 😍
Been on this earth for 20yrs 🌈💰💎😍
this is like everyday for me 🖤
this is like everyday for me 🖤
Fuck the Que probate, im tryna see my Deltas 😩😍
I know this all too well🤦🏼‍♀️😂
7 princes on the stage 😂😂😍😍
i want platinum blonde hair but i like my healthy hair too much 😢
I really want some wine 😩
THE NEW SNAP CHAT UPDATE!!!! 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
📸 | Shawn is nominated for Top Social Artist at this year’s Billboard Music Awards! Congratulations Shawn! …
Everyday since the first day I became a Warrior! 😍💙
Have a safe flight ♥️ transit JFK NY to Argentine✈️     as tagged ♡ …
Positive energies to your friend. 🌒🌕🌘
Eat up King James🐐
My pleasure. 😊
Eat up King James🐐
This track is nothin' but "Unforgettable." 😍
And in your smile I see something more beautiful than the stars ❤ retweet to vote ❤
bestofnextdoor 200 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 200 people.
We just got milk 🍼👌😁
The weather is warming up and we're ready to work on our garden! 🌱🌷 Get the kiddos involved and make it a family event.…
Blocked ‼️
Bathong!!!!🤔🤔🤔🤔😂
He's so fluffy 😍😍
Nigga I’m dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game 🔥🔥🔥
A-a-and we we sticking to it ! 🎶☝🏽🤗
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
♨️ Free Online Sex Cams ↴ ♨️ Register 100% Free ↴ ♨️ Get Your Free Tokkens ↴ 🔥 🔥 …
Lol.😂 Bingo!
🔹◾️TheSecretRoom◾️🔹
Get your popcorn ready. 🍿  |
New hat 📹: cattery_greycat
A-a-and we we sticking to it ! 🎶☝🏽🤗
Always. ❤️ he’s my little nephew
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Great chat. Goodbye. 👋
the cutest happiest girl there ever was 😩❤️
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Your double entendre of political and electrical power—truth to both ✌️
If the earth is flat then why this nigga just fall for no reason 😪😂👌🏽🤣
My loyalty simple . I’m either for you or I’m not 💯
Need everyone to be on this level when they see me 😂❤️
It’s been a while but I still hate 🙄😂 Ladies and gentlemen exhibit 19362826
Wait. who are the captains? You didn’t show the pick! 🤔
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
If you didnt know im an LA based makeup artist! (I also only charge $50 for a full glam with lashes 😁) …
📃ˀ ・・・  ♡⃕ let’s stay together forever
MONTANA OF 300 IS A FUCKING BEAST BOYY😈🔥
Here’s some encouraging  !!! 🙏🏼💕🙏🏼
/// Wrap game serious 😤💪🏻 Owner: michaelpda
Check out this giveaway, courtesy of  🎁 CyberPowerPC Gamer Xtreme PC Giveaway 🤗 Tag Your Friends 💞 Ret…
📷 Nah, we’d probably be more likely to visit
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
😍Follow everyone who retweet this.
yes I like girls, yesss I will take your girlfriend from you. 😊
I wanna be with you. Just love me. ❤️
€ 😗Follow me and everyone who like or retweet this
my lyft driver live dab, he just bout me a mf bottle 😜
HEY CHS!! Elections are on 4/23 during 2nd period. As ASB President, I promise to make next year a GREAT ONE❤️🐾💛
Better Vibes, Less Stress, &amp; More Trips 💯
Even the snowy mornings can be pretty, at least for a while!! 🌞🍁❄️
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
RETWEET IF YOU AGREE ⤵ Barack Obama was the biggest criminal to ever occupy the White House!
Lmaoo so you telling me they didn’t see that big ass rat in the background 💀💀😂💀🤦🏾‍♂️
😂😂🙄 this guy
😂😂 This fool wouldn't know what to do with a condom if mommy showed him, he'd s…
Taeckay 💖💚😂😂🤣 don't make cs angry 😅😂😂😂
!!!! allez Grenoble ❗️❗️❗️
Greg Popovich’s wife passed away today 😔 Prayers up for Greg and his family 🙏
🔔  🔔 [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ ⚠️ 2. G : 21.5K+ ©btsvotingteam ARMY LET'S WIDE…
There is really nothing better than pouring down rain to fall asleep to 😌😴
I do that whatever the type of movie asln 😂🔫 But i can say that “the best of me “ is definitely at the top of the list 😭😭😭
I just want to drop by and say I love my wonderful and amazing baby honeybee 🐝
Today got you grinding your teeth? 😬😥 has some advice to help you stress less.
Big bet 👌🏽❤️
When you think about all God has done for you and where he’s taking you next .😩😩
BLACKPINK is listed as one of strong idols who easily eat up the charts💜
mocks  sketch of ‘nonexistent’ harasser: ‘Total con job’👉He looks really frightening and for bein…
I’m disappointed in u🤦🏾‍♂️
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
Except 🤗💖
Retweeted abhimanu.⏺ ( I Love you my friend too..🚹🦃🦃 Explore your Love ,, Be kind Heart. Human..Its n…
And depending ona family you might get fucked up 😂
Awe thank you Samoya 💖
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately 😂😂
This the reason Bighit doesn’t give them all black hair 😂😂 when I started stanning literally sometimes it used to b…
Hey  can we get to 500 followers tonight? Let's help bring the  to Connecticut! 🌊🌊🌊…
i guess we still dropping tilted boys 🤔
Kawasan Falls, Philippines 🇵🇭😍
They be taking it personally.. 😂🤷‍♂️
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
When I finally let go you’ll never mean shit to me again 💯🤝😌😏
Anytime my belly go down i dun with shirts 🤣
Why do I keep staying up late every day, especially when I have to be up early the next day? 🤦🏼‍♀️
💙🙏🏻💙    Lord we ask for your HealingTouch 💙🙏🏻💙✝️ https://t.…
if i’m on “ blocked “ you’re mad and i won .😂😂😂
My husband is cussing his a$$ off, at this game. I need help.😣😣😣 Cleveland vs Pacers.
My mom is the only one who deserves all the love ❤️
their smile 😃 their eyes 👀 their lips 👄 their hair 👱‍♀️ their laugh 😝 their smirk 😏 their humor 👌 their weird face 😜
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
Judge Kimba Wood Points of Interest 👉🏼Registered Democrat 👉🏼Withdrew as Clinton AG Nominee after discovery of Illegal Alien N…
Damn 🙏🏾
lms if you know im a cool good dude if you met me in person...everybody needs to hear it every now n again 💪
Looking wonderful and very Proud Frank Congratulations to you ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️👏👏👏👏💛💙
Ok, care panes. 😞
So now Misha🇷🇺Flynn is connected to  via parent company, SCL. And Misha has been squealing for a long…
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year 🏆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lunes*😂
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs 🙋🏽‍♀️
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there 🤣
When J Cole fans heard he was dropping a new album 😂💀🙏🏾
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
🏆 November 🏆 February 🏆 March is the 1st player to win Player of the Month 3 times in the sam…
goodmorning 💘
[INSTAGRAM CAROUSEL] jessica.syj: Thank you all for the birthday love💖🌈🦋 (2P)
nice spanish, i appreciate it.😂💛
Everyone rt plssss💓💓
😈TEEN 5 DEVILS😈
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. 💪💜 ‘FACE YOUR…
Love a woman I can be my self with 💯💯💪
i have the BIGGEST trust issues 😫
He’s my best friend 😻
180408 Fan Sign      👶 miss you https:…
Girl same, I’m always like I’ll charge it in the car. 🤷🏽‍♀️
Jazz vs Thunder - Live Stream™ Watch Online Basketball™ 🔴 now I watching here👉《 Jazz vs Thunder L…
We all did, Ahgafam! 💋🐦❤     Our boys are…
Bringing Doyoung’s part in Boss acapella version back 🗣🎤
Niggas be out here cheating &amp; still be crazy over you 😂 HTF does that work 🧐
Description : Rippling 🔥 ❤️ Danni Gee ❤️ Website : 💻 Photos : 39-60 [P2/3] 📷 HD 🔞 …
The world has gone to shit but it's OK because someone has done this to their hedge in Finsbury Park. 🐘
My Punk Rock ++® Luv Is Rage 💔
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. 👌🏾
We can identify the stages of life for an animal, and understand that it is called a life cycle. 🐞🍏📚💙 …
🏆 MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS 🏆 BEST FANDOM: →  +  (
all my 🔌s luv me, i ain’t had to steal shit 🅿️
thanks, pal. UConn softball got me a win while I was covering the game and that’s about all I can ask for 😂
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Lrt, it seems like youngmin is having a mental breakdown of happiness because of block b 😆 Cr. yuo4mina …
i’m really fine asf. i be sleeping on myself. 🤦🏾‍♀️
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Prayers going out to Greg Popovich 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Spring is here and so are these amazing specials! 😍
Yes love 💕 this song, so  for this
Chicago’s weather in the past 4 *days 🙄🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
almost beat my PR today.. imma keep grinding💔
TWITTTEEEERRR IS LIFEEEUUUU.💯
Money on Lebron Tonight 💰💪🏽🏀🤐..
WE THE PEOPLE WILL REMEMBER COME NOVEMBER AND YOU WILL BE REPLACED WITH MAGA CANDIDATES! 🇺🇸🗳
Yes. Both. Equally. Very much. 💗☺
This shit really how I be feelin tho 💀💀
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute 🙄
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
Casual 😂😂😂
Me on the outside vs me on the inside 🐝
Wow!! Traveling on with RudraHanuman! Coincidence 😜
And  is the new competition 🙌🏼
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! 🐶🏃
We'll take one of each please! 😍 We have all kinds of NEW earrings in every shape, size, color, and texture you can…
Wow!! Traveling on with RudraHanuman! Coincidence 😜
Cause She Can !!!😬 en Lima, Peru
All we want is a seat at this Sangel wedding. 👰🏾❤️ Catch all the love TONIGHT on  at 9/8c! https://t…
Jungkook go to Jimin and comfort him; asking him not to cry~ 🐰Don't Cry! 🐥💦😭 🐰💦😭
It’s never bad to be friends with your ex. 😂✌🏼
✨ Tomorrow at midnight! ✨
[ ?] Jessi hinted that she'll be in Malaysia soon 😱 She shared this news in her instagram story and comment. OM…
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
WOW! Congratulations on the nominations! I can’t wait for The Kenny’s! ⭐️
Episode 158 |  in session now 🚨 | Be sure to follow us on Instagram for…
Devil is a liar 🤥
the incident 🌘🔪
I love you ❤️ keep blessing my ears with your music
Paul Pogba awarded man of the match by BT Sport. 🙌🏻
College Republicans from across the state of Texas holding a Trump flag in the Texas state Capitol! 🇺🇸 AMERICA FIRST
Devil is a liar 🤥
Alright now...white boy got bars👀👏🏾👏🏾
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
PB , SB , BLAKE do a 3 way swap 😂
In 10 days, going to take us to paradise   You ready, EXO-Ls? 😎 …
Follow to gain Followers ➕ LIKE and RETWEET ♻️
I'm so excited for ya'll. Party time!! 😀 *DO
We live tonight bitchh 😝
Capsule Airbrush and Lunatic T-shirts available on 4/20 🥀 visuals by …
⚠️REMINDER: US ARMY Please don't preorder from Kpop stores, K-sites or BTSOfficialShop. Only use US preorder link from B…
army, follow who retweet this 🐶
My week on Twitter 🎉: 248 Mentions, 5.25K Mention Reach, 365 Likes, 45 Retweets, 66.7K Retweet Reach. See yours wit…
For the sake of our fandom's well being, I've created a GC for us to rant about YHS 😶 All negativity is welcomed here b…
😂😂😂fuckk nooo
army, follow who retweet this 😇
I have just found the funniest account on Twitter 👉 You have to follow it 😂😂😂
I have just found the funniest account on Twitter 👉 You have to follow it 😂😂😂
My week on Twitter 🎉: 14 Mentions, 57 Likes, 16 Retweets, 92.9K Retweet Reach, 35 New Followers. See yours with…
🤫🤫🤫🤔 🎧🙀 on_toprecords
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 7 Likes, 1 Retweet, 3.34K Retweet Reach, 1 Reply. See yours with…
Drunk me is a whole different person 😂😂
Y’all got so much shit to say why you can’t say nun of that shit to my face patna💀 Sweet ass nigga😂
so u pick something yet 😂
Y’all got so much shit to say why you can’t say nun of that shit to my face patna💀 Sweet ass nigga😂
Done ✌
MV trending at 24 on youtube in Hong Kong at 8am on 19 April 🤗
So grateful for my boyfriend’s mom. She’s a true saint!!❤️
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
💛 Heart of Gold updated 💛 Read the three final pages of Volume I on  …
Beau’Lash doll 💋
Aww thank you ❤️❤️
He keep on dialing/darling Nicki/Nikki like the Prince song 👅
Got my son his Texas ID today 🐶
She made my day! ❤️
Bitches be getting surgeries done based off what mfs used to say to them in high school and shit😭😂
Can already picture everybody throwing up the wakanda sign on the yard 😭😭😭 Welcome home bison!
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit 😂
MV trending at 24 on youtube in Hong Kong at 8am on 19 April 🤗
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit 😂
i hate girls who think everybody wants her ugly ass boyfriend 😂😂nobody wants him but you
He keep on dialing/darling Nicki/Nikki like the Prince song 👅
My week on Twitter 🎉: 5 Mentions, 14 Likes, 1 Retweet, 7.33K Retweet Reach, 8 New Followers. See yours with…
SOS Condoms, Durex is not here to play This ad funny 😂 😂 😂 😂 🤣🤣🤣🤣
RT: Does your child want to create 3D Models with precision? 🖥️
YOOO 😭😭😭😭😭what did I do? 😭😭
I know you're thinking I'm heartless I know you're thinking I'm cold I'm just protecting my innocence I'm just protecting my soul ❄️
U literally can’t have the best of both worlds - all I want is for it to be hot in the day &amp; cold at night! Never getting to sleep😰😴
Bear is going more vertical compared to past tree climbing attempts 😊
🔔  🔔 [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ ⚠ 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
SOS Condoms, Durex is not here to play This ad funny 😂 😂 😂 😂 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Oh hey there bud 🙋‍♂️
Now you have to shine in just 4 CL games to win the Ballon D'or 👍🏻
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers👇🏾
My timeline is flooding with  Go Fighting!🤗🤗🤗🤗
💙love you💙
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
And I’m just now realizing it and I’m super late 😂😂😂 can’t even talk shit now
If I never get to see the Northern Lights! 🌃🌌🌌🌃   I just voted for on…
He is fed up wid having to deal wid VO 😂😂😂😂😂
I absolutely love you 😍❤️🔥🙌🏾
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
ตอนจบ   | one31  1 2 3 …
My week on Twitter 🎉: 6 Mentions, 35 Likes, 5 Retweets, 19K Retweet Reach, 2 New Followers. See yours with…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
This is my new favorite video 😂😂
No need for the hose 💦💦💦💦💦
I miss my brother after school in the parking lot isn’t the same 😭😂
usted sabe 💋
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep 😂
Happy 23rd! 😘😍❤💑
Guys be lying but so do I 😊
"next girl i fw ima tell her not to play me cus when my thoughts and my feelins get all twisted i go crazy"  👿
🤔🐐🎨 Let’s make it Happen..
Chitterlings?! Noooo😭🤣
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like 🤔 Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
Happy 23rd! 😘😍❤💑
@ yourself 🤷🏻‍♀️💓
😍😍😍 MY MF BEST FRIEND
✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨ 'This Book Was Awesome!' MILITARY  TWO HEARTS SURRENDERED    …
Thank you 🙏🏽
20 pictures &amp; 8 short videos are available right now to my MV Crushes. ✨ Become a crush for as low as $2.50/month. 😯…
blackwatch moira 🔥
Protective Ice Bear ❄ ❤💞
[ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] DAY 2: April 18, 2018 🔼 KPOP REVOLUTION🔼 1. : 655.2K 2. BTS…
Y’all go get that ‼️
This my girl chasing me down the block for 1 more kiss 🙂
Wall of computer-based gaming entertainment :) 🎮
My week on Twitter 🎉: 7 Mentions, 1 Retweet, 1 Reply. See yours with
Lol you going for the game ain’t you 🏀
When people you grew up with pop up in ads on your insta..👀
"Dodger fans all happy over a 2 game winning streak 😂😂😂" YOU BET YOUR FUCKEN ASS WE ARE
It’s time for  voting on Twitter: ✌️ 1 vote per artist per account ✌️ Vote by retweeting ✌️ Windows open for…
Holy fuck 😂😂😂
Selena Gomez looks stunning for Puma👧💕😘
See u in July  ❤️
It’s time for  voting on Twitter: ✌️ 1 vote per artist per account ✌️ Vote by retweeting ✌️ Windows open for…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 43 Mentions, 43.7K Mention Reach, 55 Likes, 8 Retweets, 13.2K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 6 Likes, 5 Retweets, 27.9K Retweet Reach, 1 Reply. See yours with…
💚🐥 Ahgase is around the world
Girl it wasn’t genius it’s your THICK ASS NEW YORK ACCENT. 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀😭😭😭😭😭😭
Lucian girls can't what???🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨😂😂😂😂😂
“Hello” video starring our guy Tony the Tiger out tomorrow 💪 You ready BEANZ?   ht…
I need a big bag too &amp; thx. 😎
- 9 years ago today, dropped "Beam Me Up Scotty," which featured + more 👉🏾…
i miss him so badly 💔
Twitter ci hein 😂
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 1.49K Mention Reach. See yours with
wait,  👀. I’m here wassup🙋🏽‍♀️☺️.
Cause hurt people hurt people 🎵
Girl Gtf 😂 Wassup?
😂😂 factuals
YES GIRL, REPRESENT STL ❤
So just to put it out there, that acronym 👇 was something else looooong before it became what it became. Meanwhile, YouTube…
Shit I need to go work out 🙍🏼‍♂️
😂😂 factuals
I love it!!! ❤️❤️ Thanks for coming in😘
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
Taemin and Minho dancing MTTM 💖
Damn … sympathies out to Pop 😥
💥 💥 Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, Andrew McCabe along with Love Birds Peter Strzok &amp; Lisa Page…
Damn … sympathies out to Pop 😥
"If you want things your way, fork off" 😂
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like 🤔 Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
I see a lot of people who cheated judging a cheater 🤔
Tonight's goal scorers ✊
Tiffany Haddish and Kevin Hart SHOULD NOT be together alone bruh, they stupid as hell 😂😂😂😂😂
Clearly If you a .. Aquarius♒❤️💯️ Leo♌️ Gemini♊️ Libra♎️ Sagittarius♐️ Aries♈️ Taurus♉️ You poppin 💯‼️👏
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." 😂 It's so crazy.…
If I can’t be this comfortable around a female, I’ll just stay single forever 😴✌🏾
Look forward to reading this book💕
Part2 of the Mina drama🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
VERY GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🙌👏✌️
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Like, 1 Retweet, 375 Retweet Reach. See yours with
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
My week on Twitter 🎉: 25 Mentions, 81.3K Mention Reach, 4 Likes, 2 Retweets, 37.5K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
I read that wrong at first and I agreed but I read it again and I disagree 😬
Work is so dead 💆‍♂️
EXO-CBX 'Blooming Days🌻' is currently sold out again in Synnara Chart.👏🎉 cr: 12celsius
My favorite on Team Kelly 💜
JT MILLER ⚡️🏒
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
Wow 😪 prayers up to Pop and his family.
I think Boris arms are too shorts , anyway , that's not important , there will always be imperfections 😂 . I hope you like •…
it’s my time to shine like a hot Cinnabon that I was born to be.😂
IM LOSING IT 😜
Is this girl funny or did her uncle Chucky call in favors? I just don't see how she made it this far😕
IM SCREAMING!!!! EXO-CBX is No.1 in Synnara Chart 😂
Necesito un 🔌 en footlockers
Ok this one got to me 😂
he don't 🤣
Kone dou guinar ..😕
My babies❤
If anybody has any stretch mark remedies they’d be greatly appreciated 🙃
when he switched spoons 🤣😂😭
Thanking God in advance for all these blessings he’s about to shower me with! ☺️
To all those who have already got their ticket for the Derby clash 😘 To all those who haven't, here's 5⃣ reasons why you…
alright twitter, can ya do your thing and help your girl out? i need 99K retweets!! please!!😁
Why u mad? 🤣
It's actually 11😉
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
I liked a video LITTEN SONG ► Fandroid The Musical Robot 🔥 (Pokemon Sun &amp; Moon Music Video)
Raise your hand if you’re married and your total household income is more than both figures. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Wait, are we living the same life? 😂
👀👀👀👀 @ YOU RN
Spring edition. Time to brighten up 🏝💙 peep the ocean behind me yass
This GIF has to be retweeted every time you see it. I don't make the rules.🤷‍♂️
I been NORTH ⬆️ [up] Lara been Croft Plates say  Drop da Benz off
You could win a spa day for you and your mom courtesy of MARTINI &amp; ROSSI®. No Purch Nec.
I gotta be honest... nothing about that sounds fun 😂 But you go girl! lol
BTS ❤️ARMY, and they’re about to prove it with the launch of Love Yourself 轉 ‘Tear’ on May 18th. Get ready with our exclusive…
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers👇🏾
Blessed to say that I have committed to Aurora University 😝
BTS ❤️ARMY, and they’re about to prove it with the launch of Love Yourself 轉 ‘Tear’ on May 18th. Get ready with our exclusive…
Time for today's  Looking forward to all this great content! Thanks to you all 🥃🎙
Necesito un 🔌 en footlockers
Blessed to say that I have committed to Aurora University 😝
Unmatched😍
THE TRUE STAR OF THE SHOW!  ✨
Get a dog anyway, what's he gonna do? 🙃
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear 🙌 htt…
Always in the mood for 😴😬
Imagine: You laying flat with yo back arched &amp; 🍑 tooted up taking backshots🍆 while he holding both of your arms with one han…
Follow everyone who retweets this 🍁
👦hyung buy me food,go vocation with me? Buy me food,lets go to busan -okay 👦no buy me food!! -what r u talking about 👦Hy…
Ban title song 👌
“You a soundcloud rapper” yup and I’m doing numbers 🤫🔥🦅 40k ? I’m dropping another song ! 50k I’m shooting a video to real shi…
It's okay they'll just think you're really wise or something 😅💁🏽
I have the worst headache. 😩
Happy with the feelings today in It's always a special finish in Huy. Lactate acid 🔝🔝.  📸 Cor Vo…
Bro snapping 🤐
I’m that bitch 😂💯☕️
Please use this tag more often:   👉This tag is for MTV MIAW Latin America under…
🇺🇸🇺🇸When something is important enough. You have to fight, even if the odds are not in your favor! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Thanks gorgeous ❣️❣️
While i was off twitter I decided to colour some of my fave Ganondorf sketches as i love him so much 🎨 sketches originally don…
Thanks gorgeous ❣️❣️
Come on Cheryl 🤞🏽
my work 🖤
My family ain’t shit 😂
Parkerlawyer 100 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 100 people.
My family ain’t shit 😂
The Obama DOJ and FBI worked to spy on and DEFEAT the Trump Campaign‼️ This is THE LARGEST POLITICAL SCANDAL IN U.S. HISTORY…
Tag someone who needs this😂
Tag someone who'd love to have all of these 😍❤
Actually I got something better ! RAE SREMMURD FT TRAVIS SCOTT DROPS TOMORROW!!!!!! 🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️…
Actually I got something better ! RAE SREMMURD FT TRAVIS SCOTT DROPS TOMORROW!!!!!! 🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️🧖🏽‍♂️…
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show ClassicⓂan:
Thank you so much Kim. 💕
Russ the 🐐
We’re illuminated friends 💡
bye don’t use my girl to trash on my new bff 😤
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time💞
Hard work &amp; consistent attendance at Athletes Yoga class paying off for NWMSU🏈 signee Blake Brown (BVHS)…
Amen 🙏🏻
buzzfeed your energy is toooo much rn 💀
Oh, I am ashamed of my scribbled drawing comparing to Sora’s in the drawing relay game🙈~However,…
Love you❤️
so much feels by just waking up. need to smoke this out 😑
This is what makes him special 👇 spontaneously gets down and plays roadside cricket with local lads (I presume) in Ba…
so much feels by just waking up. need to smoke this out 😑
the way he just stared at the camera and smirked. 🅱️ro, this ain’t good for my health
Haven’t won in Fortnite in 2 days... 😫😫 i use to win all the time.. smh
I peep &amp; observe everything... I’m listening even when you think I’m not paying attention 🙂💯
i love a good long leisurely bath that smells of roses and treating myself like a queen 👸🏼🌹🛀🏼
Take my hand, take my whole life too 🎵 Shot //   We’re all…
This is literally my bestfriend 😂
This game has me choking on my Sprite 🙃
Maluma’s coming on Friday to the freeman wtf 😭😭😭
Facts 😹
RT THIS AND IN 5 MINUTES GOOD LUCK WILL COME🙏👌🙌
Even pups are loving the books! 😍... or maybe someone just has a crush on Wrigley Delle Donne 🤔
Wow. I need new friends 🤦🏽‍♀️
Yikes 😳
🌺🌸🌼 EXO flower boys 🌼🌸🌺
Enjoy😃
This will always be funny 😭
Taurus season is so rude: got us indulging and craving right before summer 😩🤦🏽‍♂️🍪
😍😍💛💛 I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!! RETWEEETTYT
Hearing this new and thinking to myself: " 🤔 hmmmm, I think the world really needs this kinda energy right…
“For lunch I had a salad with vegetables”- Bitch wtf else goes in a salad? 😂
Damn I just totaled my car 😔 Twitter:
If don’t carry his ass........ 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
I’m just ready to see who Poundcake daughter is likeee🙄😩💯
Forever Posted In Them Trenches🖕🏾🤴🏾
My nails are toooo long 😆
Impeccable table setting 👌
Praying for coach Pop and his family right now 🙏🏾🙏🏾
Day 2... nailed it. 📸:
Thanks bro🙏🏾
Disney land 😍🙋
Been on repeat for 3 days straight!!   Nicki Minaj is the G.O.A.T don’t @ me! 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
🐥[LA_KPOP REVOLUTION] est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ 🚨🚨🚨 사이렌.. 등장...😢
I miss her 😢
Everybody gets at LeBron... Y'all know KD is going bald too right 😅😅
Brilliant scenes at Accrington last night! 🔴⚪️   What a special moment for a small club with the lowest budget in the leag…
They deserve BETTER 😭😭😭💗💗
They deserve BETTER 😭😭😭💗💗
A 심쿵(shim-kung) moment with (special). 🙆🏽‍♀️♥️🎶
love me some skinny niggas😍
Ride this lil bitch till the tank empty 😜
Stressing about shit you can't change is the worst 🙄
🚨 *DEVELOPING* Hillary Clinton and other corrupt FBI/DOJ officials have been referred by congress to AG Jeff Sessions a…
🚨 *DEVELOPING* Hillary Clinton and other corrupt FBI/DOJ officials have been referred by congress to AG Jeff Sessions a…
I cannot stand people who have no sense of fashion 😡 like why do you look like that?
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
💃 Our April 28th Flamenco Dinner Show will feature special guest artist, Lola Mayo, world renowned Flamenco dancer…
Their are always 3 pandas roaming San Diego &amp; Riverside, but don't mess with them. They may be a bit dangerous. ⚠ 🐼🐼🐼 ⚠
Let’s see if things get spicy 🌶
you fit so well with me 😊
i'm trying my best to be good enough 💕
Jongdae's laugh is the brightest and the most beautiful, i love the sun ☀️   https:…
Prayers to Coach Pop &amp; family man 🙏🏾
Like if you want to receive full video in DM 💕
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
still don’t have a prom date 🤧
Hello! 😊💕
I miss my Schnee chassis☹
I miss my Schnee chassis☹
[VIDEO] Jungkook siendo adorable en el Japan 4th Muster Fanmeeting 💛 ARMYs! No se olviden usar los # !!
i’m taking best friend applications in dms 🤙
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
🍃Look deep into  and you will understand everything better - Albert Einstein🍀  🍀…
With bae 💕 slide to watch my mini video and go to my link in bio for…
With bae 💕 slide to watch my mini video and go to my link in bio for…
god is preparing me for something great, ima hold on 🤞🏾💙
good morning cadoz 🌻
Damn brudda what u on wit him💀
🚨SCHOOL GIVEAWAY🚨 🎁$0.50 PayPal Money 🎁3x Netflix Accounts ➡️Follow ➡️Follow ➡️Retweet 💣When I get h…
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
J.T. goes allllllll the way up for his first of the playoffs! 🔥  |
J.T. goes allllllll the way up for his first of the playoffs! 🔥  |
I miss somerwesley 💔
This woman knew she wanted to adopt a senior dog — so she found the "ugliest" one out there ❤️
for Changkyun i think it's more like he's already married to Monbebes 😆 rmb t…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
I don’t like when my mom tells me what to do what makes you think that I’ll let your ass tell me what to do 🙂🙂???
🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 Join Us In Operation  Let's get everyone thinking about and Honoring our Fallen Soldiers
“Don’t be fucking gay....I’m just playing I ain’t even write that shit “💀💀😂
a BAAAD habit ❗
Got my son his Texas ID today 🐶
👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼🇺🇸🎉👊🏼 FANTABULOUSLY OUTRAGEOUSLY OSTENTATIOUSLY SUPERBLY I…
Scanning Overwatch Archives Challenge files… Now activating: UPRISING STORY MODE 👉 https://t.…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Live tweeting with y'all gets us LIT! 🔥 Make sure to use  and
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
Check out this 💪  interview w/  Simon Crack on making   tips and more: …
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
Bitcoinist explaining How AirPod's Passive Income is Immune to the Bear Market. Read more:  ✈️…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
Tennis Team repeats as Belton Tourney champions with 3🥇 division winners!!! Congrats to
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
Warning: ANGRY 😡 TWEET There is a special place in hell for people who walk on streets SMOKING &amp; blowing the poison back in…
birthday next month
BTS Japan 4th Muster Fan Meeting Poster &amp; photocards    ©️什么都有
I’m hurting inside , I can’t trust NOBODY 💔
i wanted to get my album today so i could say i got my OT18 album on april 18 but well 😔
Vote  ! I want to stay !!!! RT TO SAVE! ❤️❤️❤️
I met someone newww last night and we kicked it &amp; im going back there tonight &amp; u know what’s on my mind this time 🤤
You Won’t Believe What Obama Says In This Video! 😉 via Holy fu*king shit, I just…
Looks like an early release of &amp; Marvel's  comic book will arrive this Friday. Who's excited? 🙋‍♂️…
I NEED A FRIEND LIKE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Immediately😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
The G.O.A.T has arrived 🐐🐐
My week on Twitter 🎉: 3 New Followers. See yours with
Webcams en directo GRATIS 🔞 👉 👉 👍
all these tweets, have me feeling lonely as hell lmao😂
CHENSING MACHINE😎
Rt for a blessing🙏🏾
Webcams en directo GRATIS 🔞 👉 👉 👍
Paul George arrives for Game 2 in OKC coming off of 36 PTS, 8 3PM in Game 1! 🏀:  x  ⏰: 8:00 PM/ET 📺: ht…
This is the most important workout video you’re going to watch today. Probably all week. 😂
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night 🗣 …
This baby is THRILLED the dog's playing hide-and-seek with him 😂 (via
I’m trying to be like when I grow up 🙄🙄
Some girls are just foul 🤢
Is there any group that is single? Shots fired 😂😂😂😂
keep those tweet coming Fighting!😍😍😍
🔔  🔔 [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ ⚠ 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 10 Mentions, 22 Likes, 1 New Follower, 6 Replies. See yours with
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. 👌🏾
[FOTO 📷]180418 JAPAN OFFICIAL ➡ FANMEETING Vol.4 'Happy Ever After' en Tokyo -SUGA- &gt;&gt;AgustD Cr.
Chadwick Boseman plays Black Jeopardy as Black Panther's T'Challa 😂
Not bad 😉
Why am I so weak at this 😂😂😂
Like the man wasn’t dealing with enough already 😪
Drying these beauties for a special project 🍂 @ Lyall Bay
Having to pretend everyone’s jokes about how much they’re spending is funny 😬
THIS IS GOLD 😂😂😂
Just watch black dude face the whole time 😂
Or “do you want a hug”😞 like no you just made everything worse !
Or “do you want a hug”😞 like no you just made everything worse !
One from the talented years ago 🙏🏽Check out her page!
I admire for all my life, she is the piece of my wonders. 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈⭐️🌟💫✨💫✨
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Thanks for following! Please check out my VEVO music video  🔥 + my  Blind Audition single…
Lebron be like... 😂
Your so C L O S E TO ME !! And it’s C L O S E TO album time 🙏🏽
Paul's brother 😭🇯🇵
....smh the shots this dude makes are unreal. Complete monster. Say what you want about him...best on the planet 🤷🏾‍♂️
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
🅲🆄🆂🆃🅾🅼 🆂🆈🆂🆃🅴🅼 🅾🅵 🆃🅷🅴 🅳🅰🆈 I am not sure who the creator is, but this   with a beautiful (but unusual)
🆘MY VERY LAST CHANCE🆘 😍A ONE YEAR OLD bundle of LOVE made a KILL 🎯😭😭 💔Please don’t let me DIE in 🔥HELL🔥 💀HELP ME LIVE💀 💵PL…
What we have now  💧🌈
My brotha ✊🏽 miss you too B
Good night 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! 🐶🏃
😂 🤦‍♂️ Pure gold...
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
My week on Twitter 🎉: 2 Mentions, 8 Likes, 1 Retweet, 633 Retweet Reach, 4 New Followers. See yours with…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 131 Mention Reach, 1 New Follower. See yours with
10 minutes away from ari’s next post 😩
KIM HYOYEON'S AEGYO IS THE CUTEST THING ON THE PLANET FITE ME 💪
Omg that was so good I love him ❤️❤️❤️❤️vote people!!!!
Don't throw towards 🔒
we were in history today and morgan said that george washington was an immigrant 🤣🤣🤣🤣
My week on Twitter 🎉: 24 Likes, 3 Retweets, 1.21K Retweet Reach, 1 New Follower. See yours with…
My family ain’t shit 😂
Imma need to come to Florida . She been in Miami so many times , I’m sick! 😭🤦🏾‍♀️ so ... wahgwan sis? 🤔
How??? I know you got taller 🤔😂
New 5SOS Group photo 😍💙
Well, take you heads out of your butts and Open your eyes you dimwits!!!! Liberal “logic” is dumb👏🏻
New 5SOS Group photo 😍💙
Ong teasing and imitating Jihoon's "다 내꼬" aegyo HAHAHA this boy... 😂
🚨RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME🚨  And don't forget to vote on  App!
[TRANS] 190418 Namjoo's Fancafe Update   💕
Ong teasing and imitating Jihoon's "다 내꼬" aegyo HAHAHA this boy... 😂
I'm gonna be a very bad girl 😈 I want cock so I'm gonna ride it for my premium members Tonight! You don't want to miss th…
Y’all must be erectile dysfunction ☹️🍤 cause I ain’t see any of you going hard like me 😈🍆👀
Good luck to my boys this Friday in the 1st round of the playoffs! Go get em🤟🏻
i give the same energy i receive 🤧
The true meaning of Upgrade 😁
armys! please help out! it would be really nice if i would get the 3.8k rts and 1.8k likes. 💜 pleasee help and spread! kams…
closing the Sahara stage 🙌
Cali grew to 50% trump support I guess people are realizing either you’re a normal person or a dumb ass liberal 😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣. A guy shouted "will somebody stop the damn match" while War Raiders were killing their opponents
gloin &amp; growing ✨
Showing some curves &amp; belly won't hurt anyone 💜
Yes, we'll see those  right after  😬 💩
No more blonde(ish) hair for meeeeeeee 🤗💇🏽‍♀️
army, follow who retweet this 😇
I hope so 💕 nite
WINNER was invited to perform at Korea University Sejong Campus &amp; Seoul National University Festivals ➕ Today WINNER was appoin…
Why day drinking is better for hangovers 😫
DIRECT 📶 STREAM HORNY 💋🎦💖 GIRL
_ ▫️▫️▫️▫️🚨GAINING TIME 🚨▫️▫️▫️▫️ 🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁 🔥Follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes 🔥Follow Everyone who follows you 🔥Add
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
_ ▫️▫️▫️▫️🚨GAINING TIME 🚨▫️▫️▫️▫️ 🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁💨🏁 🔥Follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes 🔥Follow Everyone who follows you 🔥Add
The people doing  are absolutely lovely, please be nice to them 😊💕
He 👏🏽 Is 👏🏽 T A K E N 👏🏽 Back off and leave.
“Nice for what to these niggas” is really a sentence that applies to my life 😭
Sweatpants hair tied chilling with no make up on that's when you da prettiest I hope you don't take it wrong 🙏🏻
🚨 Alabama can stop at least one execution! 🚨 By . Please check it out &amp; share it with a frien…
My week on Twitter 🎉: 2 Mentions, 2 Likes, 8 Retweets, 23.8K Retweet Reach, 2 Replies. See yours with…
Be kind. Kindness always wins ❤️
i’m at civil war right now 😅😁
tonight was superb! One of the best so far 😍 The entertainment level of this serial is so damn high!  scenes a…
Think twice before you say “Beat it up Daddy”
I might be going to L.A California for my Birthday!!!!!😘🙃 Just don't know how i'm getting there.....😟📷
I really be curving everybody just to come home to nobody 😂😂😢
It would be an honor to own an authentic letter handled and written by my hero, Abraham Lincoln!😊🎩
1⃣1⃣ years ago 🇦🇷 Leo Messi did this for 👏...
🔽Meet with Me at 🔽 ⏩💗🔚⏮ porn Big sex nudism xxx Y Wives nsfw Susi video Bfs Like
Think twice before you say “Beat it up Daddy”
why i laugh so hard😂😂
Drama's and movie's too~ 😂😅
ew. well done, why don't we just feed you leather instead 🤮 — do not judge me. i am just a coward
Reposting 🔥COMICS FOR SALE🔥Check out eBay for the latest comics I am selling. 🚨 MEGA HOT KEYS!!
What a good boy 😊💘
DIP N DOTS FOUND DED! Look was inspired by painting 😊
thank u❤️
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
❤️ being the ugly sister
It would be an honor to own an authentic letter handled and written by my hero, Abraham Lincoln!😊🎩
damn my baby is the best @ this😭😭 we goin to PROMMMM😍
EXO-CBX 'Blooming Days🌻' - The 2nd Mini Album enter  in the Highest First Week Sales of All time💿 in Hanteo Chart 👏🎉
Hey Drew, We get it... You forgot who is so here's a quick refresher 😊🏫
Happy birthday little angel😇❤️ I Love You❤️😘 ❤️
..cute😅
Music video almost at 10k 🚀🚀🚀 run up them comments, and likes!
This is why you don’t try to end a season with a cliffhanger... series could’ve been way better tho 🙃
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor😂
Follow this amazing girl right here!! You won’t be disappointed. She just made this new account. Show some love! ❤️…
Take a look at ABC Gluten free™'s events on Livestream
We need more votes here mon 🗳
😄 wish I’d said that.
RT 🔄 for a chance to win a FREE WEEKEND BRUNCH-FOR-TWO with - Winner announced Friday. Gooood luck 🖖
😄 wish I’d said that.
Looking forward to being back on the road tomorrow. Hope to see you in: ➡Dallas, Thursday at 6:00 p.m. (The Rustic, 3656 H…
🔥 HUGE 1K Followers GAW 🔥 🔁 rt &amp; like ❤️ ⏩ 33 Winners ⏪ (Prizes In Picture) Be Following:
180418 Happy Ever After preview💕 🐰❤️🐯
😂😂🤪🍹🍸🤣😁Let's Go Girl,,,,🤣🤣🤣
way to go 😆😆
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time💞
Who needs a daily dose of  COME HERE!! Do read the instructions on proper streaming~~ 🌷 …
I just opened this box that my fans put 2gether and brought 2 me in paris. Im in tears you guys. The amount of ❤️ u give…
I’m slow I get lost at Sweeny 😭😭😂
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless 😂😂 …
Por favor Little Jesus😍
I am going to do everything I ever said I wanted to do. If it fails oh well 🤷🏾‍♀️ on to the next. I rather die trying t…
Making another baby tonight 🤷🏻‍♀️
30 minutes after a W and we still arguing, wouldn’t change them for the world tho❤️
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
Reposting Where do I even begin... 😍 - - - -
Pug Love is never enough 🤗❤️✨
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
whenever namjoon does 😆
O’Reilly and McDavid went to visit the Humboldt Broncos in the hospital, stick tap for these two 🏒 …
😂 so true
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
In Roseville and my car overheated😒
C'mon now, 😂
has got some moves 💃
What we have now  💧🌈
💀💀 we was on this first
“Don’t Leave Me” “Go Go” “Let Go” “Best Of Me” &amp; “DNA” charting at No. 7, 44, 78, 83 &amp; 93 on Streaming Songs chart. 👏 “…
Me flipa. 🌹
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
Magic happens at night and in the alley's fountains ✨🇲🇦🌴😉💜
🚨CALLING ALL HUMANZ 🚨 We need YOUR vote. The Gorillaz app has been nominated twice for Best Music App and Be…
I didn’t know becoming a lifeguard was so fucking difficult 😂
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
ayyy stop w this, this too cute bro 😢
Johntavius done ran off with the mic again juhjgjfhdui is Nicki seeing this shit 😩 he tryna wrap her inches around his fist 😭
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
I haven't. That's why I follow your charts 😀 your tweets really help trade on shorter time frames.
Thoughts and prayers with the Popovich family 🙏
We need at least 8,000 ARMYs to do at least 25 proper Shazams (clear data in between next 🌀) once the title track comes o…
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
🕊Wings of freedom،،،
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
i badly need to surrender you hahaha 😌
This kid had his first T-Ball game and peed while he was on second base 😂
Ima do them exactly how they did me😈
I wonder if anyone from uni who I’m not proper friends with has stalked me on Twitter 🌚
The Pens are kicking butt tonight! 4-0 by 4 different Pens! 🐧🏒🐧🏒🖤💛 Wow is right!
Lolu is actually cuter in person😊
Raise your plants in the air like you just don't care! 🌱 How to win all 7 flavors of ENLIGHTENED crisps: 1. Like this p…
It’s not healthy how much I love chun-li &amp; Barbie tings 🤧
I wish periods &amp; pregnancy on niggas in the near future 🤞🏾
Oh hey!! 👋🏻
I gota feelin about this birthday weekend 😏
🔔  🔔 [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ ⚠ 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
I been NORTH ⬆️ [up] Lara been Croft Plates say  Drop da Benz off
I’m thinking Dunkin 😊
they 😴 bros
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
He bought me the same vans because the ones I had were my favorite but they got messed up 😢❤️
This baby is THRILLED the dog's playing hide-and-seek with him 😂 (via
This was AMAZING😍. You both have beautiful voices🤩
Thank you! 💞
Recent click wow🔥🔥
wow. the bricks alone 😍
Tuesday: Jerk wit a kick sumn seriousss🤧😢
Keep it 🗿
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
SIMPLEST WAY TO GAIN JUST DO THIS 👇 1. Retweet 2. Retweet again 3. Follow all 4. Follow back LETS DO THIS
I Want Pizza Real Bad 🤦🏽‍♀️
We need at least 8,000 ARMYs to do at least 25 proper Shazams (clear data in between next 🌀) once the title track comes o…
THIS FRIDAY ☠️🌹 Pre-save ➡️
bangs or not, high pony tail Mina should happen more often 🙏
When u drink ice cold water and you can feel it traveling to your stomach 😩👌🏻💦👀
Loved that line...Luda, right🤔😎
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
Love might be injured 🤦🏾‍♂️ he only rolled his ankle tho lebron gonna play the whole 3rd
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Making history
New 🔥 music announcements means new reasons to be excited. 🎵 ➖ No Tears Left to Cry (April 20) 🎵
— ash grey ✨
i'm happy bro i cannot front 🤷🏽‍♀️😆
Man is it me or all the games in these playoffs lit af 💯
yet yep!!!!! 💪💪💪
As many times as cam tells me he loves me I swear I melt everytime😍
Ya es la *You know you love me, xoxo. 💋* hora.
Retweet if you’re broke and want free makeup. I’ll surprise people all day long ✨
lmaoo the hat is awesome &amp; i told u this pic would come in handy one day 🤟🏽
The Time is NOW, America! 🕕 🇺🇸 📌Stop the Coup 📌 📌Support the Constitution 📌Support our 📌
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time💞
Good morning! 🌞
"The Doctor's Slave" 🙇 Lights, camera, Action! P A R T 7 Pagalingin na natin tong pasyente ko.. Note: Pure FUN an…
Hala! May bagets! As in bagets 😂
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Well played, - tonight's  Man of the Match 🙌👏
Happiness means 😍😚
Honestly. Truly. 😭😭
Q isso Juan ❤❤❤
NEW VIDEO: JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE WROTE HIS NEW ALBUM ON MUSHROOMS 💫rt for a follow💫
Iphone: Reconnecting Me: Perfect time to hang up 😅
I hate when jesenia goes to school &amp; Sierras not at my house like wtf 😒
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
So, a disgraced FBI director, a washed up journalist and an elderly porn star walk into a bar .......😂 barkeep asks...…
180317 Got7 Mini Fanmeeting.         https://…
🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
They have one in college Station 😍
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets🎇
You spelled it wrong  😂😂😂
Ratio, not ratio. 🤣😂🤣😂
Good morning! 🌞
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear 🙌 htt…
🔔 [ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] 🕙 as of 1:00 - 2:00 AM KST 🕑 👉 KPOP REVOLUTION 1. : 130.7k 🏃 2. G…
🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
“Sarvani” generally means Goddess Durga, complete, or universal✨
yEEESS 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 ahre
RT for goodluck😄
RT for goodluck😄
drops the cover art and tracklist for  🙌🙌 Peep 👇👇
YAY!! I’m so proud of you!!! 💜
Here is as if he were a Disney Character! Thank you I absolutely love it! ❤️
EXO isn’t treating us like we’re just their fans. They are treating us like we are their family, and girlfriends😊
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
THE LAIR IS NOT IN MIAMI DOUBLE A SIDE IS HERE📍 S/O ENJOY THE VIBES💫
Lady Gaga spilled water over my modular system 💦
Sensei Fwea Mixtape Release Party.  Powered By M O V I E 🎥🔥
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Wasn’t really able to breathe comfortably not knowing .. Thankyou🙏🏽
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
Greg Popovich’s wife passed away today 😔 Prayers up for Greg and his family 🙏
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
😭😭 gone Deana fr. I’m not about to start w you. I’m tired from work bye😂
🔽Date with Me at 🔽 💯♨⭐💥 porn foot sex Just xxx Abi Gotham nsfw Art video Edward Deutsche
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day 😂
Jackson drives me mad😭😭😭
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
Amazing! 🙌🏼
Good morning💋
Retweet if you’re 🔥 horny too! ❤️
y’all my cute ass friend needs a cute prom date ‼️‼️ ages 20-21 hit my dms
So pleased with how these turned out!! 😭💕
mood = take his money and run 💅🏼
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Saw this online and felt the need to share it. ❤
Omg Coach Pops while 💔
(❤️) ‘Leader Line’ Dispatch x Naver
🚨 Hillary Rodham Clinton has been officially referred for investigation for violating federal law 52 USC 30121 &amp; 52 USC 3010…
“All Cancer” featuring outNow🔥 CLICK LINK &amp; RT 💯
why is my bf so clingy today tho 🙃
Morning...🌇🌇🌇
🏀 RT &amp; FOLLOW If gets a TRIPLE DOUBLE, one of you are getting a 🔥HARDEN JERSEY🔥🔥🔥 WIN $1,000,000…
Y’all this is why I love Savannah so much💘
Thanks DancerByi 🍉 for the follow! Look at my reviews, . Send job details to…
So proud!💕💕
Me Hot 👧🤗
The uprise and downfall(?) of reselling streetwear. 📈📉 What is happening to the current market and culture? Our first…
Sober date ideas! ✨bowling ✨shoplifting ✨cut off thumbs and switch to other hand/sew on new thumb ✨shit ur pants ✨127 Hour…
my barber go crazy 🔥
Very true. Safe spaces for protection!!!! 😏
i did not 😰 i stopped after longguo because then the album came out and everyone (including me) has…
Gimbssss! I mean your phones gone in that water 😂😂 there’s no way in hell youre getting it back 😋
I need a beer or like a hundred 🤷🏽‍♂️🍻
let my man do some shit like this 🤤, we going home right then and there. 💀
Follow all who like and 🐎
We in the same mf boat 😭😭
Got Carried through the EE like.... Preciate the Zombie 💥💀🔫💘 Shadowed Throne 👑
Follow all who like and 🐎
2018 and commit last night against Daleville 5 IP, 4 H, 1 ER, 1 BB, 11 K👀, 1 HBP. 1-4 and 1 R…
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Boys are so nasty. Always 💨farting &amp; shit🙄😂😷🤢
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
How tf catch me outside girl get in a category with Cardi and Nicki🤔
Like you white, what you so mad about ? 😂😂
Yasss for another Taurus♉️🤟🏾
ARMY, let's keep voting for    ! 💪💜 🌟 Voting is unlimited so vote as much as w…
Prince fans are the sweetest!💜 We are having so much fun at the Prince Symposium.
I said I would bring  I never said it would be  that the people wanted 😉
EDSON BARBOZA DOES IT AGAIN! Flash🔙 to March 2017 when added another clip to his highlight reel.
ah yes earlier today when i was ghosting i saw ppl mentioning lace, cough up the pics 😤😤😤
he so ignorant but his shit bang😢
Smooth af 👏🏻
Lol ikr😂
The brother graduated the law enforcement academy today‼️ Expecting…
ok girl, I see you. 😍 or rather, I hear you!!! 💕
Creed was so underrated 😂
All Sonic Ships are Valid All Sonic Ships are Beautiful Love is Love 💖
Uh I take it no pedicure? What is up with the Rosanne socks? 😳
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. 🔥 🔥🔥
Very descriptive 🤷🏾‍♂️😂😂
Want her like she’s mad gorgeous 😩😍😍😍
help me out and I’ll get you you a bowl ? 🤷🏽‍♀️😛
So sweet 😍
You like dogs? 🐶 • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
Bottom with them thick azz thighs..😣
So sweet 😍
All Sonic Ships are Valid All Sonic Ships are Beautiful Love is Love 💖
180418 BTS Japan Fanmeeting Vol.4 - Jimin photo cards💜 Cr. 什么都有_
EVERYONE PLEASE RETWEET THIS  🖤🖤🖤
My mother in law. Friends in low places. 😶
Let's do this,  ! ❤
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
: 👀 👅 If you want followers ➊ Retweet &amp; like this✔ ➋ Follow all who RT &amp; like✔ ➌ Followback everyone✔ Turn my notification…
🤖 I found this a really interesting perspective. 🤖
when ur friend tells you to check out the BetterMe app, and you know what they really tryin to say ☕️🐸
😭😭 the kids now a days are so much better than us
his other peoples got sentence like 80-100 years like damn😂😂. him and rowdy got sentenced 7
Took me forever but finally 😴
Messy ass Angela spilling tea. 👀
What we have for all two Puzzles  💧🌈
Yo this man Kanye is on a roll, he just shittin out motivation ‼️🙌🏾
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
151108 © proofer, eternal summer
Does anyone know where I can get more graduation tickets??? Before my mom and dad whoops me for not figuring it out....😒
Again 😏😏 BTS at fansign Now with lucky fans ,hand by hand ,face by face , talking…
It started with a tweet  🌎platform to support our health services while creating community value 💡grateful…
No stopping that 😍 JDF❤️
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 top 3 worst shoes ever
Me on the outside vs me on the inside 🐝
RT: Reston Community Center for         🕰️🖥️🎮💎
The  is back! ☠️
Can we pull a goalie from the crowd? I think we’d have a better chance of winning... 🤷‍♂️
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
Leo’s are way to much to handle 🤷🏾‍♀️
Leo’s are way to much to handle 🤷🏾‍♀️
One of our admin will be giving away sticker and photocards during  👑 Further announcement will be out soon 💖…
— day 108 of 365 days [💌] i love u do much.
Breathe me by sia came on my pandora. Had me thinking about my bestie 💕
Prayers up to coach Pop and his family 🙏🏾
Yes indeed. We should be running the franchise. 😜
Thank you Keya 😊😘 cause i really didn’t wanna go into hiding lmao
Yes indeed. We should be running the franchise. 😜
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
Today delivery 😎
Here's The best   and FREE to join gay dating Service online: CLiCK &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 😍…
Don't Worry Elf Fam we have 2 ahjummas who will scold antis and haters.. Choose ur fighter 😂
Much love to everyone in this 💗💗
He was like WAIT WHAT ? 😩😂
DAMN BETTY ❤️😍
Thank you for your service. ❤🇺🇸👍🏼
Leather symphony 🔥🔥🔥🔥
🆘 VERY URGENT 99849A-D MOMMA &amp; 4 puppies need a loving home fast 💔 just look at this adorable family 🐾😍 plz…
🙏🙏  The Left say that a fetus is just clumps of cel…
Real shit 😂
A belated happy birthday from me, you certainly had lovely weather for it 🍹
THIS IS GOLD 😂😂😂
Paul George arrives for Game 2 in OKC coming off of 36 PTS, 8 3PM in Game 1! 🏀:  x  ⏰: 8:00 PM/ET 📺: ht…
Love you too 💉💪🏾 Keep Grinding This yo year 🤐
Greenhouse activities 🌿
She ride me like a porn star 😏
LeBron scored 13 points before anyone else on either team scored 😳
Wouldn’t it be great if we would only have to exercise to reach your fitness goals! 🤗.…
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. 🔥 🔥🔥
😀Excited about my new cover with for 📸
Lady in red...🎵🎵
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
min yoongi hasn't even tweeted for more than a month wdym 🗿
Bounce life on a  🤣  (Via Instagram/bigfreedia)
Dawg my hair finna take sooooo long to grow out 😩
Couldn’t fit the whole thing but Can’t help falling in love 💗 With our little group in Ramettes
girl who pierced her own septum: ⛓🥀🖤☠️ me: how u just say that out loud
Solid night!! Thanks Check them out on spotify guys!!✨✨
The Professor of Puck, is back with another episode to explain the meaning of some classic hockey slang. 📖
Hey you lose some you gain some thank you everyone for sticking around with me 😁😎✊
🍪 Geek out with some nerdy fangirls
army, follow who retweet this 😇
Going on two trips to the beach with my girls this summer and I AM SO EXCITED!! 😍😍😍😍
Bumping for tonight’s game 🐺 🏀
New 🔥 music announcements means new reasons to be excited. 🎵 ➖ No Tears Left to Cry (April 20) 🎵
If You Still Remember this song  Akon - Lonely🍸😉
Bumping for tonight’s game 🐺 🏀
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Bumping for tonight’s game 🐺 🏀
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
I miss you Dora :( 🕷️
FACTS 👏👏👏👏
INST: '🌱'
My week on Twitter 🎉: 19 Mentions, 1.85K Mention Reach, 18 Likes, 4 Retweets, 6.12K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
Over today 🙃🙃 I just want to be cuddled 😭
This is me as a gf 🙃
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. 👌🏾
army, follow who retweet this 🐶
Be careful w me✨
The ending gets me😭😂
I knew it was ya accent and I’m not even from NY ‼️‼️
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
There are always better roads bay. Laban ra 👌💪
IM LOSING IT 😜
Mannn, Imma miss the boys! Great seeing the EastSideFam all together for the last time✊🏾 Thanks for everythi…
Morphe 35R palette + Morphe 35W palette, must be following me to enter ✨
Okay but 2Seok is the most funniest duo 😀
Mannn, Imma miss the boys! Great seeing the EastSideFam all together for the last time✊🏾 Thanks for everythi…
holy quality 😮
This is truly amazing. IGOT7 are the best. 💚👏     …
***  GO FOLLOW 👉 Sites 👉 …
“ Friends come in all shapes, colors, and sizes. ❤️ ”
💘💘💕💕🤧🤧🤧💌💌 you are too lovely
That don’t mean you a boss tho 🧐 you just an independent worker
Lmao! Okay that made me laugh 😂😜
thanks tay!!! so excited💘💘
carpe diem ✍🏾🦅
Tribute for my sexy girl 👉 👈 www mycumshotoasis com brother rapes sister and cums inside her pussy
Why am I always showering at 3am im gonna be ugly again without my beauty sleep🙄
lmao😭😭😭🤦🏽‍♀️ i’m ashamed
Cookie tryin' so hard to act casual. 😂
I second that emotion!! Wow Drew!! You are incredible Plus... 🐴
Haha that could always work too 😄 I take my selfie sticking very seriously 😉
😂😂😂 fuck you
They're free if you buy a pack of cigarettes 😂😂
Haha that could always work too 😄 I take my selfie sticking very seriously 😉
Cut photos. 😊😍❤
⚖️ Kobach in Contempt Of Court ‼️People were supposed to be notified by order of Judge. 📝 Kobach did not notify the…
Hey!✌️ Download a new cool game Flip the Gun! It's hilarious!!!😂😂😂 Download Flip the Gun FOR FREE right now!🔥🔥🔥😍👉
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be just like moments passing in front of me 🎶
But ya wouldn’t understand . 👤
Once I get into my "IDGAF MOOD" I honestly shut down .. attitude be on 10 🤦🏼‍♀️
Poor Pop..😪
Tuesday: Jerk wit a kick sumn seriousss🤧😢
Follow everyone who retweets this. ⭐️
Them niggas be all ova u or sum🤔 You regular-degular to me or sum🤷🏿‍♂️💭🚮 Bitch show u all bout me for sumn 🤣🤟🏿💯
New 🔥 music announcements means new reasons to be excited. 🎵 ➖ No Tears Left to Cry (April 20) 🎵
If this ain't the most millennial tweet 😂
📣 [Sub Español] BTS - Burn the Stage Ep. 5 📣   Dailymotion: …
📸 VIXX teams up with DAZED magazine in latest pictorial~!
Catching all my staIkers 😱Search InstantReport in the App Store!
🚨 SIDNEY CROSBY BURIES ONE WHILE NEUVIRTH WAS LOOKING THE OTHER WAY! 4-0, PENS! That’s the Captain’s fifth goal and ninth p…
FIGHT FOR MY WAY!😎
Doesn’t it feel good to know spanish and being capable of understanding funny ass shit like this💀
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
The Korver Kounter is out in full force! 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥
I swear my tolerance for bs is at an all time low. One wrong move &amp; I'll cut you off like you never existed. Try me👌🏾
Around this time last year I’d be at the pour house for taco Wednesday but now I have nobody to go with 😔
Transage isnt transgender or transfluid 🤦🏽‍♀️ it's identifying as another age, and all of these pictu…
Niggas won’t text u all day then hit u randomly like Wyd , losing feelings nigga wym 😩😂
Worldwide Album Sales: 🌎 Bruno Mars — “24K Magic” This Week: 25,000 Total Sales: 4,406,000
My 💓 JG
I want a gray one sis thanks in advance🤸🏿‍♀️
back at it again 😍😭
i wouldn’t risk it 🤭
BESSSSS YOUR JACKET OMG 😍
Amazing show in  last night, But your bed shouldn't be a  🛏 Let us know when you’re read…
My 💓 JG
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
Much love for Sweden ❤️🇸🇪
New Jurassic World trailer 🦖
ooooo lookin' good 💞
Lol really don’t know who else would deal with me and my shenanigans lmao Cj is erthangggg in a bag of chips G 🌚
you can not let what you go through define who you are 💯✨
Her husband 😫😫. She loss too much weight and he wasn't having it..
180418 "Radio Star" Junhyung Cut Yong and 10cm Hyung had to make an eye contact with each other for 10 seconds 😂😂 MC : Hyu…
Ya know we just where it’s at 😇 everyone go out and get you a Leo 💕
SOVAS™ Presents the Greatest Audition of All Time! 2 Voice Actors (F/M) will be selected in this nationwide SAG/AFTRA audit…
180419 [SCHEDULE] 📻  appearance on Choi Hwajeong's Power on SBS Radio @ 1PM KST *Tune on 107.7 Power FM* 📝
This has some great fashion advice!!! It includes everything from jewelry to shoes!!! Lot's of good tips!!! 🤗👙👗👠👢…
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game 🔥🔥🔥
The world has gone to shit but it's OK because someone has done this to their hedge in Finsbury Park. 🐘
I’m going to hell and Rosas following 💀💀
🌹Any feedback is appreciated!🌹
Dream. 2~. 1 from my cuz. 1 from my father .🙏🏼🙏🏼
⚠️Do NOT buy more than 5 albums per Amazon account. It will be considered a bulk buy and will not count towards Billboard.…
has won the Best Idol Actor for 13th Annual Soompi Awards 🎊🎉       🐯…
Find Someone ...😍 Who Look at You ... As She Looked at me ... ❤
Thank you    💋
I need a friend like cookie. That’s a real bitch 🤞🏾
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Damn not sure Sid ever got that baton back 😂
Mandem want to know his final judgement 😂
The  snippet hit 200K views in less than 2 hours 💥💧
We the Dream Chaser NCT 2018 'Black on Black' 🎬Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST)   https…
I'm the type of person you can fuck over so many times and I'll still be here.💯🗣
Thank you    💋
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." 😂 It's so crazy.…
"I'm conflicted. If Kim Jong Un has Trump killed during his visit, do we retaliate or thank him?" ~ Adam Brown 😮
We officially have over 9000 followers... As always, thanks everyone! 😂
Who needs a daily dose of  COME HERE!! Do read the instructions on proper streaming~~ 🌷 …
Deep truth right here. 🔥
Relationship goals 😍❤️
Don’t accept bread from people who will brag about feeding you, the next day.👏👏👏
RT: Little Run ES   for   at Royal Cyber Club 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Nerf double shotgun? omegaLUL nerf triple shotty 😂
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
Congrats to one of my most famous followers! (even if he does follow nearly a million people 🤷🏻‍♂️😂)…
RT: Little Run ES   for   at Royal Cyber Club 🕰️🖥️🎮💎
⭐️SHOP OPENING GIVEAWAY⭐️ BTS LOVE YOURSELF TEAR ALBUM GIVEAWAY 4 WINNERS! -Free worldwide shipping -Included photocard…
my shoes cameee😍
After my CLOSEST friend switched up, I realized I cant trust a SOUL❗
My loves ❤️
You gotta be mad as hell to wanna take a nigga tint off 😂😭
4th muster in vs 4th muster in Korea Japan 💗❤🐶🐯💞 ☠💀☠♥♥ 💙💗💖💚💜 💣💥💣💎♠…
Thank you so much for sharing this! Heartwarming.😊💕
Soon as I find that one , they gone be my lockscreen, header , allat 🤤.. Wanna show my baby off
we da best🤪
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this🐱
🌿Danik’s moving castle🌿
Rise &amp; shine ARMY! It’s that marks another KST morning spent with you to vote 💜 Voting can get difficult at…
I do this solo shit everyday ain’t nobody gotta fwm 🤫💰💯
Yo count me in. I will be the random guy with the shaker smiling 🤣🤪
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
History was made  one month ago when won the FIRST EVER banked slalom Paralympic GOLD! 👏👏👏
16 straight points for
Please support ARMYs in Latin America 💜❤️! Vote for using the hashtags
So is yours!!! 😒
Boomerang [1] Ranbir Kapoor at the ASFC photoshoot. 😍
My timeline is flooding with  Go Fighting!🤗🤗🤗🤗
Stalkers and trolls.... Watch me do it while you scroll!!! 😂🤣
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Bitch why didn’t you say anything 😡🤬
M I N G 🤗🐱
this couple had THREE sets of twins &amp; a lil girl 😳😍
If my weed not this loud ion want it😭🅿️
ALREADY 👂
alright twitter, can ya do your thing and help your girl out? i need 99K retweets!! please!!😁
Omfg ew wtf is that twink in the pictures 😂
ISSA PARTY BEFORE YA LEAVE 😋 GONE GET YA TICKETS 🤟🏾 https:/…
True beauty 🙌🦄✨✨
are playing dirty.🤬
Uh oh!   waiting to hear who you knocked up and had an abortion with. 🤪
RIP Mrs. Pop😥😥
‘Love Yourself: Tear’ by is available to preorder on Amazon if you haven’t pre-ordered yet! 🇺🇸/🇨🇦ARMYs, purchas…
They have a yoga class that you do with goats and I wanna do it so bad 😭😭😭😭😭
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
not disturb😅
The best motherly advice 🌸🌸🌸🌸 Love the mother daughter duo, Dolly and Meera 💖
TOMORROW - April 19th The  Show! 📺: 8pm ET | NFL Network
These colors look eerily familiar 👁
NOBODY touchin me, and thats word to ya mothersssssss😜
Barcelona, Spain 🇪🇸
🌠Giveaway🌠 Giving away 2 GA EDC Tickets 1. Must be following to Win 2. RT and Fav this Tweet 3. Tag a Friend who hasn'…
"Forever we are young" 💜 cr. BTSorbit
Twitter never forgets 😬
Expect the unexpected even from Sr1…😵
Imagine the face on, well, all the old white guys 😂
(shen yue's a love so beautiful co-star) weibo update! 🎉🎈     https:/…
I love you !😘
"Forever we are young" 💜 cr. BTSorbit
Happiest birthday, ! God bless you always! 🙏💛  CTTO
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
I never heard of you before but I played your album yesterday and it was really good Hope all is well 💎
Welcome now ! You guys did great last hour, let’s keep the hype up for this one 🔥 We are bulletproof after a…
😂😂😂 that’s gonna be so mf loud omg I’m dying
Cookies outfits are 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥. I need to know the lipstick 💄 name and number she has on please.  stylist. Thanks
I really like caramel macchiato. Thank you, Bomi-ya! ☺💙
Say it before you run of time. Say it before it’s too late. 💔
Thanks lol😂
TWICE(트와이스) "What is Love?" M/V 50,000,000 VIEWS ❤ ONCE is Love❤ Thank You
Good morning, Star Dreamers! 😀
Our members had such a blast at  today with Thanks for all those swing tips, Blair. 😉…
S/o to all my DOMINICANS wea we attt 🇩🇴 YERRRRRR
[YOUTUBE 📊] ARMY, "Daydream" by J-Hope is less than 50k away from reaching 50M views! Please keep streaming…
His smile when exo-l was mentioned I literally uwu-ed out loud 😭😭😭
🔔  🔔 [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ ⚠️ 2. G : 21.5K+ ©btsvotingteam ARMY LET'S WIDE…
🇺🇸 iTunes US: Songs:  (+20) Tell Me You Love Me *peak:   (+5) Sorry Not Sorry *peak:  Albums:  (+28) Tell…
U KNOW I HAD TO DO IT TO EM ✊🏻🤧
you'd be lying if you told me this 1 minute video did not make you feel some typa way.. at all. 🤥🤔
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
[Article] BTS, new album becomes  preorder on US Amazon 🍾
Give it all to God 🙏🏾🙂
bumkeyk started following shinee_jp_official 😙
📷 leelakoiwolff: Candice is not afraid.
My phone oddly been ringing all day...And I only spoke to Jessica and Nishia...I even ignored my momma 😂😂😂
don’t threaten me with a good time 💪🏾
Do or die tonight....if anyone can force a Game 5, it's our Comeback Kids. 🏒🥅🦆🏒🥅🦆🏒🥅🦆
Straight robbery. 😱
Sunshine, thanks for bringing warmth to our hearts. Happy birthday.  ☀️
I'm legitimately really fucking proud of you girlll 💜✊🏽💪🏽🙏🏽😍😘
That’s what I thought 💭
😂😂 send a pack thanks.
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year 🏆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Goyard cost 4K 🎚
STEVIE WOULD BE PROUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🙌👏✌️
is making history bringing countries together and making our world 🌎 a more unified place to live in!
i can’t wait for this to be my fun job i don’t care nun about it 😂🤪
I turn 21 in four months and I have yet to buy a lottery ticket. What’s wrong with me 🙃
Poach status. 😉 . It’s okay, nothing beats Plex!
PLEASE RT THIS!!! I NEED 350 RETWEETS TO GET THIS SHIRT💖💖 This would mean so much to me, it takes a second to retweet😤😫💖…
As if I just ripped apart a Mustang GT in my Dodge Dakota LOL😂😂😂😂😂
Thank you father for making me see today 💪🏼✌🏻
🔥Get daily money 🔥Follow us + RT 🔥Tag your friend 💰The prize is Gloves Case by 169$! ⏳A winner…
Blooming days: 276k on Hanteo. ☺ EXOL, CBX is nominated on music shows this week. This is also the last week they are…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
LMAOOOOOOOOO IMAGINE THINKING POST MALONE IS A BETTER RAPPER THAN KENDRICK LAMAR THIS YALL WCW 😭😭😭😭😭 POST DONT EVEN RAP I…
These two empower me like no other 🙌🏻👑🙌🏻 Real, strong women
crying 😂
I’m over snow/cold/rain 😫
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Yeah Tish! Yes Queen!  We’ve witnessed the birth of a star 🌟
BABY San Francisco: 🎀 BABY Anniversary Classical Series 🎀 Reservations start 4/18 (THU) 🐰💕 https://t…
I won’t be there long, but yes!!! I would love to see you ❤️❤️❤️
Tfw you accidentally try to make buttercream with flour. 🤦🏻‍♀️
💞💞 You're my heart pride and I feel great inside. 💞💞 Sweet dream😍😍
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you all! Can't wait to see her!😍
coming to a dm near you 😭
😩 I love you too sis. ❤️🤗
$ 😗Follow me and everyone who like or retweets this.
Redux 4 is here! 🎉 Improved TypeScript definitions, bundled CJS and ES builds, better safety checks, and more small improveme…
I had a dream I got a tattoo on my thigh and it turned out ugly 😭 the whole time I was dreaming I kept saying “ thi…
Redux 4 is here! 🎉 Improved TypeScript definitions, bundled CJS and ES builds, better safety checks, and more small improveme…
Crazy baby...😅🤣👇
Time to deactivate my twitter 🕳🏃🏾‍♀️
I thought she said at them bleachers too 😭 I’m mad deaf!!
Pretty animals 💕👑
so, im so sorry 😭😭😭😭😭😭
I approve of this! 👍
Paul's brother 😭🇯🇵
YES. It IS THIS Beautiful! 🌳🌳🌺🌻🌹🌹🌹☀️☀️☀️ 🌞 🌞 🌞
Straight robbery. 😱
Ariana Grande shares a snippet of ‘No Tears Left To Cry’ on Instagram! 💧
someone who motivates you 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
He loves bath time😍 and yes that tongue is always out 😝
I will always Love this song. Thank you MJ for touching our hearts thru ur beautiful &amp; heartfelt music.🎶🙏✌😍❤
thank you nat !! 🤧💞
💙Dab of G💚
Fuckin exhausted . Can’t wait to go home and take a bath and eat my ice cream ☺️
Swiss proposal was the best😭❤ The way  portraited each and every expressions​ &amp; the emotions…
I smell like smoke and ain’t get not one piece of chicken 😐😐😐 pissed.
someone who motivates you 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I approve of this! 👍
💌 The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more that plants a fire in our hearts and brings p…
I couldn’t be more proud of myself today. A true stepping stone to maturity🙌🏿 I finally returned an online item I n…
Thanks for the laughs😂😂you were hilarious!! Chris Farley tribute teared me up! Fucking miss that guy!!!
Dominican women still are and always will be number one 🇩🇴❤️🇩🇴
release the album 😬
Happy birthday !! 🎊
I love me a mean ass nigga who sweet to me and me only 😭😩🤤
i’m gonna dm you a pic of me when i wore glasses &amp; you’ll see why i wear contacts😂
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year 🏆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Oladipo and the ＠Pacers are surging back as they cut the lead to 5 PTS! 💪
SSSSSSSHHHHHHHHUT TF UP CASABLANCA IS ON  😍😍😍😍
Ariana Grande will be releasing a new single THIS FRIDAY  Are you excited for New Music from the Po…
I'm worried about all these kids 😳
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day 😂
We miss you more 😭
jin honestly gives the best advice and encouragement ☹️ bts are so lucky to have someone like him as their hyung https:…
hate sleeping late bc i usually wake up a lil bit early 😕 good morning!!
HI EVERYONE🤗!! COULD YOU HELP ME GIVE RT TO THIS TWEET??? 🙏 I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE IT 😄 i love you all💖 please rt 😭💖…
🤔 she does have her softer moments 🤫
I’m tellin you bruh we ahead of the game 😂
Gotta have faith 🖤💋 Strength &amp; Peace💚🌱
Prayers out to coach Pop and his family🙏🏽🙏🏽😞
Part of me hopes that’s true, But part of me wants to die cause I can’t wait that long 😐
You won't believe what Obama says in this video 😉
Huma Abedin: Hillary always says the dumbest things in interviews. James Comey: Hold my beer. 🍺 ** Comey admits, "I'…
Eyes ❤️
Niggas can make you feel so good yet so low ☹️
morning ❤️
Thanks for the laughs😂😂you were hilarious!! Chris Farley tribute teared me up! Fucking miss that guy!!!
This is 🇺🇸
Uhh yess 😭
Lol them shits hard too me 💯
Thank goodness! 👍
Sudden changes, learn how to adopt quickly. Have a great day! 🌞
By time they realize your worth.. you’ll be worth way more! 😌❤️
u ever just ❤️♥️🌸🌺💞💕🌺❤️💗❤️💖🌺💕🌹♥️💞♥️🌸💕💖❤️💗🌸💕🌺💕♥️♥️💕💕🌺🌺💖❤️💗❤️💕🌺💕♥️💖💕🌹♥️🌹💕💖🌸❤️🌸💕💗🌸🌸💗💖🌸💗
Lets all love and support our boys no matter how good or bad the situation is💚 and stay lo…
both on the right side 🤤
Cameron.... starting out sweet and switchin back to normal very quickly 😂
🔥🔥 PussySyndicate 🔥🔥
omg i just realize how much i love kim hoseok, thank you!😭 — THIS IS MY AGENDA
Tiffany liked &amp; comment😆💗💗💗
Shhhiiiddd I know i know 😩.
Carrie Underwood will release her sixth studio album, ‘Cry Pretty’ on Friday, September 14th! 👀✨ It serves as her first f…
Of his presidency? 🤞
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Ariana Grande has shared a snippet of "No Tears Left To Cry" on her Instagram! 🌈  …
Thanks for playing 's .. I Said Hi..luv it!🦈🇦🇺
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
What we have now  💧🌈
YALL WRONG FOR THIS 😂😂
BLACKPINK ✖️ PUMA
im not surprised 😂😂😂
Carrie Underwood will release her sixth studio album, ‘Cry Pretty’ on Friday, September 14th! 👀✨ It serves as her first f…
congratulations on  being renewed! 💙
CONGRATULATIONS INPYO you are now the leader of these amazing 6 boys, i know you will lead them well, we trust you 💖💖 ht…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Cleveland is so bad without lebron Jesus 😂😂😂
Hakeem with the ur just a white boy amber alert rap just knocked me out 😆
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
🚨RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME🚨  And don't forget to vote on  App!
rest in peace bro.. you’ll be missed ❤️
You can no longer lowkey read mine without me seeing that it’s still delivered 🌚😊😊😊
Seriously I'd be dead 😭. Or scared af and I would run away in the opposite direction because WOW, Kim Taehyung, WOW
don’t approach me.. cause ion want you wack ass men.. i’m too tuff 💋
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! 🐶🏃
What If I Gave Yo Pussy Away😼 Let Another Nigga See How It Taste. 👅💦 Can You Imagine It All On His Face👦🏾 Go Through My…
Follow my friend This loyal Trump Supporter will have your six! 👊😎 https://t…
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy 💜
Happy birthday Jessica &amp; trillions of best wishes.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ 🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈 🙃
TOP 10 -  🏆 1 - Super Junior 126k 2 - BTS 123k 3 - GOT7 51k 4 - EXO 29k 5 - BLACKPINK 13k 6 - Wanna One 4k…
Having my grandmother talk to me through things is soothing me. 😭🙌🏽 bless her
Dead ass tho 😭😂
16 straight points for
... my feelings have magically disappeared 😂
He just want you to be interested and you not even giving him the time of day. Females ain’t shit pt. 2🙄
Cookie said Bo likes eating Poundcake.!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂
im cold asfffff &amp; I’m over here eating ice cream 😭
Good for them 😂
prom w my fav boy!!!!💛
24 dayssss! 🎓👩🏽‍🎓👩🏽‍🏫🎉
prom w my fav boy!!!!💛
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
RT THE GIANT'S ECHO - Read the book! ➡
Some beach. Somewhere. So good to be home😎🏄‍♂️🤟 — at Poipu Beach Park
😍😍 when will i ever 😧
Jeff Bezos + RAMPAGE = 🤙🏾 The love and respect is mutual brother. Keep inspiring the world -…
Today we went on a Haiku Hike! Using our senses for inspiration! 🌳🌷🦋
Keep a real one wit me 🤞🏽
This alley-oop 👀👌 via
AND  FOR AUTOGRAPHING YOUR PHOTO FOR MY DAUGHTER I'M A  AT HEART SO THIS MEANS ALOT❗…
Today we went on a Haiku Hike! Using our senses for inspiration! 🌳🌷🦋
Goodmorning ❤
30% BONUS - Don’t miss your chance! 🚀 Join the 1000 early adopters:
“You either hunt or be hunted.” ◾️Revamped Account ◾️[ Reincarnated ] Hunter AU ◾️ABO - Human Omega ◾️FC: Jungkook…
Can't wait to see ya💓
Pretty little chocolate 🍫
Beard 🙈 ///
🚨RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME🚨  And don't forget to vote on  App!
RIP ERIN POPOVICH 🙏 Every positive thought and prayers to her husband Coach PoP... I’m sorry....:
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
When you dad would get mad af at how hype you would sing this 😂😂😂
How to lose a court case in 26 seconds 💀💀😂
Dammm 🙏🏾 for Pop
This woman knew she wanted to adopt a senior dog — so she found the "ugliest" one out there ❤️
🐐 shirt, not even close
Polvo en el cuarto 👉 👈 big tits brittany brcc reon kadena fuck movie
a goodluck for our ongcloud😘 specially ong😂 please survive hahaha this is so cute😄 swear
Nice squirting action from 💦💦💦💦
What If I Gave Yo Pussy Away😼 Let Another Nigga See How It Taste. 👅💦 Can You Imagine It All On His Face👦🏾 Go Through My…
How to lose a court case in 26 seconds 💀💀😂
🎀 Please follow 🔥
🖕🏾 4/20, ion smoke
180408 Fan Sign      👶 miss you https:…
100% agree 👏🏼
I really question why I try to be nice to people 🤷🏻‍♀️
A bitch like me will always be good even when shit ain't good .💪🏾
Webex Share = Chromecast 4 Business 😀
180408 Fan Sign      👶 miss you https:…
Webex Share = Chromecast 4 Business 😀
id take black cake and dip it in rum when my granny wasn’t looking 😩 I was going THRU
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Short haired yeoreum is lifeuu 😍
waiting for you bro💪💪
❤ 25 of the sexiest Chivette tattoos you'll ever see this week (25 photos)
He really squared up with the cop 😂😂😂
Come to coffee house! It’s shall be great!! ☕️ Starts Info on tickets are in bio $5 in adv…
I too am this petty.  🐝🐝🐝🐝🐝
Thoughts and prayers out to Greg and the rest of the Popovich family. 🙏🏻
Me when I try to do a quick throw in and every single one of my teammates are covered 😩😧🤔 …
The last  of our backyard planter box garden. Time to plant for fall! 🍂 How was…
100/10 celebration 🔥🔥🔥
💕 spring summer 18 glasses collection feat. me 💕
is SO real for having a student discount !!!!🦈🦈🦈
Exciting episode tomorrow night directed by Carrie Brownstein! 8:30/7:30c on 🐷🔬
army, follow who retweet this 🐶
🚨RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME🚨  And don't forget to vote on  App!
Don't forget to follow:➡ 😎 😍 🐶 💓 🌸 Tag &amp; Share with your Friends⤵ 🎬Direc…
Neo Culture Tech on my mind NCT 2018 'Black on Black' 🎬Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST)
💯 agreed Except you fo…
army, follow who retweet this 🐶
🇺🇸 You’re doing it wrong. 🇪🇸 Lo estas haciendo mal. 🇩🇪 du liegst falsch. 🇲🇽 No si pa’ pendejo no se estudia.
Just a man and his cat ❤️❤️❤️
Dressed up or not, I do the same 😂
💖Additional slots for Little Loaf Illustrations ( + Free Telegram Sticker version! ) now Open! I have 6 slots left for…
LeBron scored 13 points before anyone else on either team scored 😳
Linda said “ you fuckin play too much “ I laughed so hard because she’s fucking right 😂💀💀💀💀
If only I gave a fuck😂
I'm so thankful to have loyal fans like you!!  appreciates your support 🌟💜
WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW 😩😍
Meet us at The  NightLife Experience In The Detroit/Metro Detroit Area The Annex 📍This…
I have love and respect for all of you except those who are; 🚫dependent on a mouse in excel 🚫making ratchet personal…
Cause you love me 😍
De’arra And ken were everyones hope 🤦‍♀️ and now ken doing exactly what Chris did to Queen..I’m just waiting on them to drop…
I been NORTH ⬆️ [up] Lara been Croft Plates say  Drop da Benz off
B A L coincidence? i think not. 💙
Bron got 30 in the first half 🤦🏽‍♂️
👑 Finish'em 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Top 5th. Score is zero for both teams. The and are in Puerto Rico. ⚾
Honestly. Truly. 😭😭
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
the last 2 days have been perfect days for a hammock 🙂
LEGIIIIIIIIIIIIT 💯😭
💩💩💩👎👎👎Such disrespect😔😒I get so tired of hearing about ppl who can’t be fired👎👎These evil ppl who think th…
Not only does Côte d'Ivoire satisfy our collective sweet tooth as the world's largest producer of cocoa🍫, the coastal nation a…
Twitter always comes in handy when I’m around a bunch of people I don’t know 😂
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
pls rt &amp; like my rt deal! 😭😭😭thanks if you do!
Okaaay I’m ready for prom 😛
Drop This One ⭐️🅿️🎉🔥🔥🔥🔥
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 🦕:
HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYY ✨🎉 God bless you ate girl, tca! 😚
Congrats to these Lady Hoyas👍🏼 Kira Stanley Region Champ 🏆🥇 1600m event RileyPerlakowski 🥉 3rd place 1600m event h…
5000 ducks march down the street in China. Waddle we do when this Fowl play reaches America?🤔😳
PUBG SAVAGE MAP :D with I look like rubbish tonight 😂 sorry guys!…
Finished commission 💙💙💙❤️❤️❤️
wednesdays 💕✨
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
I love the new intro to your video! ♥️
Falling for him wasn’t falling at all. It was walking into a house and suddenly knowing you’re home 🖤
Please take that jersey off 🤡
So i was looking through some pictures and.. 😂
GNAR - FeelTheRage ft. Night Lovell + Joji ...drops tomorrow it's so fucking good (🌋🖤)*
What a year it's been for 📈 She's up for FOUR  this year.
I need another one 😫
Love the song 🙏🙏🙏
god is preparing me for something great, ima hold on 🤞🏾💙
Wednesday 😉
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
Look at the precious baby 😫😭😭😭😭💜💞💞💗💖💕💖💗💗💓💞💞💜💜❤️
Pakistan’s great wall against Al-Qaeda 👇🏼
Coyote Peterson has the biggest balls of anybody I’ve ever seen. Those click bait names are deadass 😭😭
Relay for Life of Greater Omaha would like to give a huge welcome to Grandpa Chuck for signing up for our event!!! See you on July 14th 😁
Please bring him with you ☹️❤️
😭😭😭😭😭 IDC BT is THAT BITCH
Ruge, 🦁
We need at least 8,000 ARMYs to do at least 25 proper Shazams (clear data in between next 🌀) once the title track comes o…
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie 🙌 few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na☺
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
RT THIS ❤️💪🏻
7 princes on the stage 😂😂😍😍
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this 💜💫💜 Follow👉   💫 💥 FOLLOW ME 💥 TURN MY NOT…
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie 🙌 few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na☺
It’s lonely over here in round 2 🙃
snapchat finally gave a story tab again 🙌
Being insecure can really fk up a relationship 💯
Tomorrow's episode is going to give you the giggles 🤣
Someone said dearra gone do a Medicine Remix😩and call it Advil omg
Kodak Black is set to be released from jail in October. He was cleared of all gun charges 🔥
. . .🔫 LEFTIST GUN GRAB - PATRIOT PUSHBACK / PA SHERIFF: Pennsyl…
So i was looking through some pictures and.. 😂
Kodak Black is set to be released from jail in October. He was cleared of all gun charges 🔥
I am in love with David and Lisa 😂. I have a new appreciation ❤️
Thank you ats! ❤
Oh man, this is so sad 😕
so fluffy 🐶 📹 : puppy (IG)
Okay ...but they didn’t even have to do her like that lmaoooo 💀💀💀
Living Room Shows: Austin Houston (sold out) Dallas Oklahoma City St. Louis Davenport tixxxxx 👉🏼 …
u know I am ☺️
Yes true 💯
Glasses up! 🍷    . . . .
🏁🏁 it's the 2nd one in a row!
Tell me why this shit made me laugh LMFAO 😂😂😂😂
COMMITTED ‼️🐶⚪️🔵
She tryna tell us what we can handle after surviving a 3 month hiatus?? HA‼️ I laugh Nic 💪🏽🤣✨®
Mornin’ Balesin! ☀️ @ Balesin Island Club
Why you always playin? Smh🤦‍♀️
Slow down Jaz 🌝
If only there were more than two parties 🤔
DIFFERENT💯🚨❗️❗️❗️🚳🚯🚭
I miss Gaga 😢
This peoples vote bullshit will only result in us getting our NO DEAL IS BETTER THAN A BAD DEAL😁😀 the remoaners are pu…
I want fried chicken 😞
Thank you my dear friends💕💕💕 See you tomorrow💕💕💕 Good Night…Sweet Dreams❤️
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
The Glazed doughnuts are on the scene for  7-Year celebration in LA! 🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩 …
Y'all my cousin sent me this video and I'm crying 😂😭
Prayers up for Pop and the family 🙏🏻
🌻🌻Have a great day🌻🌻
＠TheJetOnTNT literally got into the game 😂😂😂.
ion brag on my 🐱 she gone speak for herself 🤪
Jns automotive.   downloader  CLICK HERE ➡➡➡ ⬅⬅⬅
If I ever have a wedding, I don’t think I’d have an open bar bc my friends don’t know how to act🤦🏻‍♀️ …
🌱 MINI GIVEAWAY 🌱 prize: Peripera Airy Ink Velvet rules: 🐰 No need to follow me 🐶 Retweet this tweet 🐰 NCTZEN INA ONLY 🐶…
im not on that level 😅
On a Wednesday 🤝
my parents used to give me alcohol because I’m a sleepy drunk 😩
So the pink bear comes out tomorrow on fortnite and I’m 100 v bucks away 😀🔫
imissyoutoo baby 😔
Twitter thinks everything is deep 😂
So apparently  is trending right now 👀👌🏼
😂😂😂 wherever his playing this weekend or next weekend 😻😻✊️  lol
Seeing it in person🤤
So the pink bear comes out tomorrow on fortnite and I’m 100 v bucks away 😀🔫
Fucking hot asf wish I was there 👅👅🤤🤤
Sober date ideas! ✨bowling ✨shoplifting ✨cut off thumbs and switch to other hand/sew on new thumb ✨shit ur pants ✨127 Hour…
CURRENTLY 😵
God is necessary, not an option.🎈
My family ain’t shit 😂
I thought mine was the only one 🤭
You're my sunshine Jeon Jungkook. Stay healthy oppa😍😘
My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
ICE, ICE, Baby. Thank you!! ❤️🇺🇸💪❤️🇺🇸💪
I thought mine was the only one 🤭
Thank you 😢💝
hardcore-bareback sex with Jaxton (fav hairy daddy) 🤤💦🙌🏼😈 CLICK ⬇️ for more 🎬🔞 …
Did the one on the left win the ugliest dog award??? 😜
🚨 Happening NOW: will be answering your  questions before Cabot's return TONIGHT. Head over to our Instagra…
MORNING CRAVINGS 😫😍
too cute 😍
COINCIDENCE?  reportedly has a Pedo🍕phile list that destroys  So far under 👉…
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
me omg 😭😭
Wise Audio 👌🏼
okay you’re perfect 😩
I want to go on a road trip 🤔
[FANCAM] 180418   🇺🇸JFK to EZE 🇦🇷 by ipeung110 🔥
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
can sling 102, but he can also throw this... UNFAIR! 😂
Punch a  if you’d use this 👏🏻
Just wake up &amp; Scentist MV trending number  😍😍😍 even when youtube freeze the viewer number 😘😘 good job starlight !
removing toxic people from your life is so hard but once you see your own improvements it’s all smiles from then on☺️
Just stop, Coach!😬
you are the only nsfw sebaek acc that i know, thank you for blessing my timeline, babe -🦄 — I am the only nsfw seb…
Tag a person who would love this 😍 ❤
you are the only nsfw sebaek acc that i know, thank you for blessing my timeline, babe -🦄 — I am the only nsfw seb…
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
ok thank you queen 💧
CORY CONACHER!!!! 🚨
Dear God, Bless the week ahead ❤️ Cover me and my loved ones with your blood and protect us from anything harmful or evil…
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
I don’t have to know a lot about autism to be a kind and compassionate human... Neither do you.  💙
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
Take a look at shining record at COTA 🇺🇸 The reigning Champion is the reigning King of the
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
New Airdrop  📢  distributes 4  Tokens (~ 40 USD) ✈️💰…
Thunder Upppp ⚡️
Humans,we all live on this tiny blue planet.We all breathe the same air,we all wish for a brig…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
📌 PREVIEW | 180418  y  en Japan Fanmeeting Vol.4 Cr: HOPEYES218, jkontop970901 | ARMY Chile
I need to understand how someone can be that perfect, and kind, and humble, and everything😭😍
🔥 Pre-order Pinky &amp; Pepper Forever now ! 🔥 🐾 64 pages of full color furry feelings 🐾 🔨 published by and debuting at…
🚨RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME🚨  And don't forget to vote on  App!
😲😲😲 WOW WOW WOW. This is unreal!! I can’t even imagine how long it took to make her, and in such detail! This is absolut…
I’m crying 😂😂😂😂
This is one of my favorite songs to sing in this episode ❤️
Hello can you follow your fans RT/LIKE this tweet? BRAZIL LOVES YOU 🇧🇷😍💕
Des Linden is the first American woman to win the Boston Marathon in 33 years. 🇺🇸
Detail of Guilty Party I. They’re not a set but prices discounted if sold together ❤️
I SWEAR TO GOD 🙌🏾
Flattered as always to be included. Thanks Aaron. 😊😊
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
You cheated though sooooooo 🤷🏾‍♂️
I Just Love This Guy 👇 No Holds Mr. Bongino
Bruuuuh I feel this. vanilla almond milk w Honey Combs tho 🔥
Jess I love you so much you make me happy when I am sad thank you for being an amazing YouTuber.💜♥️💜♥️
Their friendship shines. ❤️
dese hoes b lame &amp; dese niggas r the lamest ❗️
My week on Twitter 🎉: 79 Mentions, 15.4K Mention Reach, 305 Likes, 66 Retweets, 52.1K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
We called a plumber and he’s so hot omg TRÁGAME TIERRA I LOOK LIKE SHIT 😭😂
Jess I love you so much you make me happy when I am sad thank you for being an amazing YouTuber.💜♥️💜♥️
Hello can you follow your fans RT/LIKE this tweet? BRAZIL LOVES YOU 🇧🇷💕
Proud to announce this year's Hermann Gmeiner Award winners! 🎆
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. 👌🏾
I want to lose weight but the weight doesn’t want to lose me 😂
Boahh I need that nice nap and that massage like yesterday 😭
Why would you say her name, the b gonna be all in our mentions now 😭
Cavs aren’t shit when is on the bench 🤬
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
best girls!!! ✨
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️ TYPE BEAT
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
just got to laugh that shit off 💯👌🏼
📹 love4thicklatinas: Xbadx_dolly bouncing everywhere
fyi, i do not know of the full story, so you can @ me if there’s something i missed out. i’m not in anyone’s side tho 🤙🏼
Ugh, COULD YOU IMAGINE?? 😍
Prayers for coach pop 🙏🏻
"Forever we are young" 💜 cr. BTSorbit
Caption this 😂
That is indeed the public garden, which we will see on Friday 😀
Dammit, you're definitely a Hunter with that kinda attitude 😂😂😂😂
First one 😍♥️
Playoff p😅
niggas be tryna make us look delusional when in reality they can’t leave us the fuck alone😂💁🏽‍♀️
I just wanna be on BAEcation this whole summer 📸🌤🌴
Your voice has become a routine💕.
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Right! 😂😂😂 they’ll figure it out later
What's up WWE CAPE TOWN IT'S BO$$ TIME🕧
I'm so excited to see in a couple of minutes! 😍😩✨
🏃🏾‍♂️💨 I gotta stay busy so my mind can stay off that bull 💩
I can see the family resemblance 😂🙃 If you get my drift. Hope the cool stuff goes well.
the original lip gloss 💁🏼
legitimate , same day process , let's work today 💯😊 $250 Specials All Day
Chip’s the one that needs to be “way out”🤷🏻‍♂️
D-586 Really missing you and your beautiful gummy smile 😭🌼
· 　 ⊹ ⋆ 　 　✷ 💗　 · *　𝙞 𝙡𝙤𝙫𝙚 𝙮𝙤𝙪, kyungsoo . ✵ + · .　 💖 　 . ✷ 　　 . 　 ⊹ 　 ˚ 　💓　 ˚ . 𝙞 𝙖𝙞𝙣𝙩 𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙧 𝙜𝙤𝙣𝙣𝙖…
the real way to my heart ❣️
HI GUYS!!!! PLEASEEEE HELP ME😭😭❤ RT THIS TWEET PLEASEEE!!😭💕❤ IT WOULD REALLY MEAN A LOT!❤❤❤❤💕💕💕
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 https://…
HELP to hit 6.0 k  ❗️ SHE is greedy ! SHE is a Princess ! SHE wants to be  SHE wants t…
👏Actions Have Consequences 👏  Memphis loses $250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates…
I ❤️Jimmy!
IFC congratulates  🇫🇯 on listing its sovereign  on the London Stock Exchange! IFC, the and are…
“Like that but cat” crying 😂
👏Actions Have Consequences 👏  Memphis loses $250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates…
awww anne, my director, my writer, since day 1 of lolo. ily, thank u so much for this. 💖😭
More kids learning about Flint through me 💪🏽💪🏽😍
Tryna Keep It Peaceful Is A Struggle For Me🙏🏽
🎥 Day one of filming done 🎞
i would block you, but i know you lurk on my shit &amp; i WANT you to see how good i’m doing 😇
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Mannn the stink 🤦🏽‍♂️
2018.04.18 happy ever after ❤️🕺❤️🕺❤️🕺❤️🕺❤️🕺❤️🕺❤️🕺❤️
NCT in the house NCT 2018 'Black on Black' 🎬Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST)   https://…
☺️💞☺️💞☺️💞☺️💞 Are we gonna see you soon, babe?
Please help me get Niall's merch by rting this tweet. It would mean a lot to me 😭😭 Thank you!!!! http…
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
yet another reason why y’all disgust me😂 foolery.
All Aboard!!! The reigning SEC Co-Player of the Week, places a single through the left side, and it’s 3-0 🐯🐯🐯
huge 😍
Sister Berta Hummel Plates - In Box - at galvacrafts 😊
oh yahhhhh that's the spot. 🐱 📹: cohty_neo
i can't even believe that red velvet sunflowers exist, they're so beautiful ❤
All Aboard!!! The reigning SEC Co-Player of the Week, places a single through the left side, and it’s 3-0 🐯🐯🐯
Nope...I was wanted kids and now I’m expecting my first one 🤰🏻
For all y’all that said we couldn’t... we did‼️
Tonight is the beginning of the end! 😭😭😭😭
Yes!! If this happens watch Michael Cohen fold like a cheap chair. 🍿🍿🍿🍿
Time to turn off my music so I dont start humming songs in my meeting 😩
Shorty lost her job, got arrested, and banned from her favorite seasonless restaurant for life. I ❤️❤️ this song https://t…
second game 😊
Well hopefully now you’re done with work for the day! 🤞🏼
Aww damnit I was hoping it'd be Ricochet vs Dijak 😭😭😭
Coz they can 😜
Prince - Sometimes it snows in april via wow , well done 👏🏼👏🏼💜🕉💜
or is that how u spell urs 🤔
Mood when your single overtakes your precious single for the  spot on the Hot 100 👊👊
Please play  by Niall Horan? Thank you ♥️
It’s just rly light lavender haha I did it with conditioner it’s just for the week bc I’m bored lmao. Do electric ⚡️
Dream spoilers coming up!❤️
My people your RT and support means alot to me🙏This business can't grow without you😊
I miss my city 😩
Must be fun ☹️
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Dream spoilers coming up!❤️
Simi bhabhi 👉 👈 Free adult wallpaper fucking balatkarsexy com sucking sisters big lactating tits
Simi bhabhi 👉 👈 Free adult wallpaper fucking balatkarsexy com sucking sisters big lactating tits
Holy shit. Too early to know album sales/streams, But I’m already 😍😍😍😍 Over the support from people like you Pookie Baby…
Happy  Friday! See you tonight! 💙 10/9c
love when I spin around on it.. 😌
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
Thank You 🍋💕
[FANCAM] 180418   🇺🇸JFK to EZE 🇦🇷 by ipeung110 🔥
⚠️ x ⚠️ Listen to "Close":
season 1 episode 13 finale Review 🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♀️🙋🏿‍♂️…
Life is a blessing 💔
🐯 LOVE YOURSELF: TEAR GIVEAWAY 🐰 • read and follow rules on pic to enter 🐥 • also reply with a pick of your bias 🐹 Note:…
Do you go to bed watching skip bayless videos little guy?😂😂😂
My mom correctly referenced Seinfeld to me. She real. 👏🏽
Oh, no! So sad about Pop’s wife☹️ RIP
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
Important Thread 👇🏻  in 🇺🇸
Yes! Today at 7pm  time ☺️ My YouTube channel’s subscribers will be the first to get notifications that  is fi…
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
God Bless America 🇺🇸🇺🇸
[YOUTUBE 📊] 🌟"Daydream" by J-Hope has surpassed 50 Million views on YouTube! 🎊 🌟ARMY please continue to st…
God Bless America 🇺🇸🇺🇸
🚨🚨🚨 It's finally happening! Congressional leadership issues criminal referrals for Comey, HRC, Lynch, McCabe, Strzok,…
that looks so good 🤗🤗🤗🤗😭❤️
I swear I hate seeing “MY NIGGA NAME” 🙄 and 100 others reacted to “😒” photo
🚨🚨🚨 It's finally happening! Congressional leadership issues criminal referrals for Comey, HRC, Lynch, McCabe, Strzok,…
Facts🤑
Better late than never 💞
BETTY AND VERONICA! This is amazing😍😱
Wintertime is right around the corner. 😈
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor😂
You already know I had to bring my sauce to Coachella!!! Littty dances!! 😂😂
Bitch if I ever got a handwritten love letter from my boo ...omg 😫😍
My pockets on scoliosis 😤💯💯
It's the last day of the  Spring Blossom Fest! Bee sure to log in and get this sweet Poogie outfit! 🐝 https://t.…
Their personalities ✨ ❤ Which bear can you relate yourself?
My man always in the clutch!! 💯☝🏻
🔥Selling this package DM for prices🔥 ⏳RT and Like and ill give 1 person a free recovery in 2 days ⏳
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets 🐉
Spent the last month modeling 's Danse Macabre in my free time! I'd say it turned out pretty well 😊 https://t.…
Feel like the fucking hulk now that I'm not dying anymore😂
damn damn damn♥️ this and cigar are so good!!
Tonight we make history! 🙌🏾We are honored and excited to welcome our inaugural, historic class of sixth graders to
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
OMG LILLI'S VOICE 😍😍😍
I hate when I hear “is that Vee?!” At the gym 😂 can I workout in peace
👑Primer Minister Award 👑The Dubai Fountain Show 👑Winter Olympics Closing Ceremony 👑Commemorative Medals I'M S…
Jdjdd I lost all my emoji mentions😭 tweet them again please
Im sorry but if u aint on my dick , and all on me ion want you. 🤢
Feel like the fucking hulk now that I'm not dying anymore😂
Squad arriving for Game 2 🚀
Wish I could say the same 🤷🏻‍♀️
TOOK FLIGHT! 🛫🔨
Spent the last month modeling 's Danse Macabre in my free time! I'd say it turned out pretty well 😊 https://t.…
🤗I just fouled Bron guys🤗. Hi.
⚾️ game strong
Hakeem &amp; Blake....Do i see collaboration??!!! 😳🔥🔥🔥
LeBron One Man Army Activated  🐐   🏀
as expected of kings 😍😍
I’m thinking had a great message to young kids and adults under 21 💨 💨 Move to California and smoke…
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
It’s a vibe 🎵
as expected of kings 😍😍
yet another reason why y’all disgust me😂 foolery.
ok but he spilt more beer than he actually drank????? 🚮
Happy Birthday Beautiful!!! 🎁🎂🎂
It’s a vibe 🎵
idgaf who you are i don’t trust no bitch around my man 😤 ya hoes be grimey as hell
Babe?😍😍
💕 spring summer 18 glasses collection feat. me 💕
Nice for what 😍🎧
the incident 🌘🔪
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
Call me a hoe then 🤷🏽‍♀️
Love winning debated in class 😊
LOOK AT HIM GO!! 👀
“YES I KNOW I’M CUTE” I LOVE THIS BABY BOY 😭😭😭😭😭
SPLENDA® Naturals Stevia Sweetener: 100% Natural. Nothing artificial. No bitter aftertaste. Best tasting stevia. Have you trie…
When the same car passes 3 times and you and yo pothna start clutching. 😂😂
New Jurassic World trailer 🦖
🌚🔴🔵🌝 [cr. farrr83, starrynight]
This is all I want rn😩
Lmaoo so you telling me they didn’t see that big ass rat in the background 💀💀😂💀🤦🏾‍♂️
When the same car passes 3 times and you and yo pothna start clutching. 😂😂
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Good luck is back. 🍀
I went through that shit and I got through it 💪🏼 by MYSELF‼️ So hell naw 🗣🗣 ion give no fuck about a friend 💯 family ei…
180419 JFK Airport     [cr YooTaeSeo_ss] // he played his passport cutely 😄😄 …
Prayers out to coach Pop and his family🙏🏽🙏🏽😞
RIP to Pops wife.. 😔
Sexy and hot guy jerking off 🍆💦💦
I think I’m drunk 😩
I feel sorry for her lol that’s so disgusting like ewww I cannot imagine kissing a guy let alone having sex with one like 🤢
Oreo Donuts 😳
Brandon just destroyed a coyote with his car😷🤮
Apparently it’s national send nudes day so buy mine 👅
good night 💛💜
I think I’m drunk 😩
Oreo Donuts 😳
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep 😂
Iran President Rouhani: “We Will Produce Any Weapons That We Need” He's Certainly Testing Trump- Not a smart decision🤣…
🚨 Half of California's population supports travel ban, increasing deportations
➡️ 38000 EGP = 8200 SR~$2200 ➡️ 45000 EGP = 9700 SR  00201272000267  and  "
Ok. Okayyyy. 🙌 Scratch and rough yet still somehow buttery and smooth. Looking forward to seeing him live when he comes to…
Looking forward to being back on the road tomorrow. Hope to see you in: ➡Dallas, Thursday at 6:00 p.m. (The Rustic, 3656 H…
It's still a mystery to me too, Barbara. 🤦🏼‍♀️
Skittles: The Big Guy took Captiva to the V-E-T for her physical, sadly She has developed a heart murmur, 😿They did a…
a love so beautiful ✔️
Just gushing 💦
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there 🤣
Another of my Favourite things🔥
then proceed to ignore they text😂😂
I am convinced 🤣
God: 'Retweet' Me: ⬇️
👑 showing off skills
I’m back at it 👅
Love for  cannot be described. It must be tasted. 🍷❤️🥂 Go for it.... Cheers!  …
um i call plain Jane 🙋🏽‍♀️
That's it 😏
tweet 10.000 👏
I cannot believe it !!!! I knew God was up to something ! My mother ! My everything ! I am shaking right now 😭😭😭😭😭 …
We Die here!!! Cee-C we here for you Boo❤❤🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
I’m just worried that he may get hurt 😢
Not bad 😉
Who tryna come to my graduation🎓🤙🏼 got one more ticket😈✊🏼‼️
LMAO THE END 😂😂
I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies, man, I feel just like a rockstar... 🤙🏻🎶
ur avi 😻
I made a promise to myself &amp; ive been keeping it to myself 😝
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 fucked yute
Omg. Got my blood drawn after my doctors appointment and I filled like 5 tubes. I feel so woozy. 😵🤤
sooo excited to announce my VIP experience at the  ⚡️⚡️packages are available at: …
RT if you’re ready for the weekly uploads? MAY 1ST🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
📸 NCT 127 teams up with ELLE magazine in latest pictorial~!
Amazing cat painting! 😍😂
I write songs that have potential (in my mind anyways) to be 🔥, but not even I would listen to my voice recorded 😂
thank you😘!
I love my life very much 💗🍊✨ Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
stranger things 😁
i was a wrck when you came along ayieee 😊😊😊
🐰 Click Link To Be Teleported To Land Of Derp!  💚
From  on IG 💙 "Shout out Ms Audrey Doyle THE make up artist and nom’d BAFTA 4 make up this weekend in UK. Congra…
Thank you boo 😘😘
Girl who u telling 😭🤦🏾‍♀️
feeling of being late? 😛
Happy 23rd Birthday Ashlyn!! Hope you have a fun day! Love ya! 💗
Glad if you like it 😘 most welcome eonni 💜
Clearly If you a .. Aquarius♒❤️💯️ Leo♌️ Gemini♊️ Libra♎️ Sagittarius♐️ Aries♈️ Taurus♉️ You poppin 💯‼️👏
“Like that but cat” crying 😂
got chills watching in this carrie musical episode of  !! such a talent🙏🏼🙏🏼
Nice catch by We like the hat too 😁👀  🎣
EXO wearing a short, thread 💫
Most girls have a bunch of dudes sliding in their DMs to hit it. I just have guys texting me about the NFL draft next week. ✊🏻
“GLAMOROUS SET” for a queen💖 Book Your Appointment Today, Serious Inquires ONLY. Deposits Are Required To Secure Your Appo…
Boy’s Soccer ⚽️ 4A State Semifinal Halftime Progreso- 0 Palestine - 0
‼️‼️Countdown to the start of the  I’ll be seeing Miss Swift with on opening n…
Wow.... Perfect boy friend material ❤ My heart exploded
That’s my boy 🐧
Cookin up 🔥💨
Showing his skills at the Wizards game 🏀
Showing his skills at the Wizards game 🏀
We are with you 🇺🇸…
Actual footage of 🇺🇸 &amp; 🇨🇦 ARMYs trying to hold each other back while we wait for to drop the official Amazon…
means business!  ✊
Please help me get Niall's merch by rting this tweet. It would mean a lot to me 😭😭 Thank you!!!! http…
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers👇🏾
[fanart] happy       🎉💕💕
[ We are seeing you, Thanks for the likes again! 🤗 [  …
Or lost tryna get my bags 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
🔔 [ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] ↘ DAY 2: April 18, 2018 [OVERALL] 👉 KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 797.4k (+667…
Meanwhile I'm at the office and its a snowstorm outside smh lol!!!😪
kns then how isit even in ur option 😂😂
Follow everyone who retweets this🥩,.
It took me awhile to realize this but I have a making strides 💃🏻💃🏻
attention can become love and love can feel like hell when given to the wrong person 🌬🕯
Son chupiChupis. 💕
If don’t nobody know how to piss me off you can’t bet tha last dollar in my pocket my ex do 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
I CAN stand no dawg ass nigga and I know my mama CAN’T do better 🤷🏾‍♀️
Son chupiChupis. 💕
True, the name rings bells 😅
That shit was Reggie asf 😂
One of my associates is mad at me because I told her she’s too old to be getting accidentally pregnant. 🤷🏾‍♀️ Sis y…
LOOK INSIDE YOUR OWN DARKNESS, AND REALIZE THERE’S NOT ENOUGH LIGHT TO JUDGE SOMEONE ELSE. 🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼
kawaii owl 🐥
On my momma I’d rob her. 😭 no hesitation.
I went from only having to work 5 hours to working my full 8 today 😞
An Oh So PreTea Wednesday 💞💚
We can actually put a T-Rex in between them😂
the coast really one big city, with cities/ towns as neighborhoods 😂
finally bought a god damn case🤦🏻‍♀️
Thought I looked cute, might delete later 🤪
Right here 😊-
Brush settings pt. 2 ✨💫 I always change opacity/min size/texture density and even some advanced settings to my liking. So i…
LMAO THE END 😂😂
Tomorrow, April 19th, I’m declaring a 🚨RED Alert🚨 ALL DAY as we  the as your look…
finally bought a god damn case🤦🏻‍♀️
How u 5’1 wit a chip on ur shoulder? Ur shoulder ain’t een eye length so that’s why ion see shere you coming from!! 😩
RT: The Wine Reserve vawinereserve  🍷🥂🍇🎈 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
Your going through the most babe 😞 once wanga funa uku relocater.Its done
LOOK INSIDE YOUR OWN DARKNESS, AND REALIZE THERE’S NOT ENOUGH LIGHT TO JUDGE SOMEONE ELSE. 🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼🐼
Much love for Sweden ❤️🇸🇪
🎶 Oh To See Without My Eyes 🎶
First day at a new job tomorrow... 😉
i be seeing will snaps he never have over 2 kills in his win 😭
We are SMTOWN💞
I’ll be gettin my casket ready 👌🏻
Indian sex Desi loda chudai 👉 👈 jessica pressley fucking indian police hardcore porn gan…
🇺🇸Mueller reprimands the media for printing false stories such as the one about Cohen going to Prague…
Let's vote together~☺
⚾️ Bottom of the 5th: Jonathan Nuñez triples, scoring Andre Schweizaer from 1st base. Nuñez scores on David Ayala’…
Welcome now ! You guys did great last hour, let’s keep the hype up for this one 🔥 We are bulletproof after a…
Thank youuu♥️
Relationship goals 😍❤️
Gregg Popovich’s wife passed away today. Prayers up for Coach Pop! 🙌🏻
Highest Scorer over the whole meet 🤫💪🏾
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless 😂😂 …
I WANTTTT that jumpsuit 👏🏾🔥
I love your name!! 🤣🤣
you have so many likes and retweets you DESERVE IT💓
📥Message me to make an extra $5k a week (Must have 🏦 bank/CU account in the US or CAN) - NO start up -&gt; $ NEEDED. 💵 ht…
Don't be sorry, I live for your au🙆💕
Prayers out to coach Pop and his family🙏🏽🙏🏽😞
Sis thank youu💗
Thank you, He does !!! Constantly♥️😁♥️
He was doing pretty good then his hormone monster took over 😂😂😂😂, nigga lost control
throws a 💥NO-HITTER💥as the Rockets complete the sweep against Lanphier with a 10-0 win tonight.
I’m deaddd🤣😩
[TRANS] 04/18/18 BTS JAPAN OFFICIAL FANMEETING VOL.4 &lt;Happy Ever After&gt; Ending ment From JPN to KOR ©️mondomizel1
Good morning TwitterWorld 😍🐴🚗😍🐴🚗😍🐴🚗
love u! 💝
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night 🗣 …
🚨 Rahm Emanuel Says He'll Stem Chicago's Gun Violence By Punishing . . . Banks?
Criss Waddle Nana 1 Solance Medikal Baron 1 Xtwo When they heard Ibrah is going to snitch!!! 😂😂😂😂
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night 🗣 …
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: 🆕Beige Lace Up Bootie. via
Look at this 💩! Does anyone need more proof that is a  ??
good morning ☺️
Y’all better be ready for Friday 😂
Baekhyun almost choke while laughing at his own photo from Growl era as it is the photo used on his commemorative medal 😂…
Look at this 💩! Does anyone need more proof that is a  ??
Permission is permission! 😂😂😂
I’m wondering tbh 😂😂😂😂
Cute!! 😀
We can all relate 😟 Don't ignore us     h…
Now this is what i like to see, God bless all the hard working Hispanics out there 🙌🏽💯
RT He is possessed by an ancient force. ➡
Someone’s hitting on Sachi 🤭👊🏽🙄 @ L'Auberge Casino Resort Lake Charles
We Love Baekhyun 🌷.   1RT=1VOTE / 1REPLY =1VOTE 🚨
I can’t believe you are our little boy 👪😍 you steal my heart everyday
THIS IS GOLD 😂😂😂
One of our favorite thing about classes: kids aren’t afraid to ask questions. 🙋🏻‍♀️🙋🏽‍♂️💻
i value compliments from females/ gay guys more than the ones from dudes. idk 🤷🏽‍♀️😂 just seems more genuine.
I can’t believe you are our little boy 👪😍 you steal my heart everyday
Thanks, please make sure they're Tobi fans o🙏🙏
Michael Downs Photography 3 Instagram 👇🏽
😂😂 See this 2:19pm nobro for the world inside make leehm pass Ibrah I wish you fi soak this vn
amateur blowjob and swallow 👉 👈 cums in sisters pussy brcyi blowjob xxxasian amateur bol…
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
😂😂 See this 2:19pm nobro for the world inside make leehm pass Ibrah I wish you fi soak this vn
&amp;Run playing in Dallas Sending our love 📷
BOSS + SAY NO MORE on and IRONIC + BARE on and ❤️💗💚 …
Fu_k Dat Ni__a by City Girls is streaming on da Front Porch Radio 📡
PlayoffP is real 😂😂
pls support  by RT this ❤️❤️❤️
The Originals 😈
Ayyyyyyyyye I’m officially a college graduate😎
I know on his BIG BOSS SHIT right now🔥
Very hard to do this alone I need help like hubby in the distance recording me 😂
And just like that, The Resistance™ was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
“How’s your week going?” Me: 😂😂😂
Dis my momma 😂😂
Ma da at the game😂
Gupton68 25 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 25 people.
Throwback to Chance The Rapper killing it on SNL 😂:
Done ✅, can you rt mine
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
“How’s your week going?” Me: 😂😂😂
🔔  🔔 [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ ⚠ 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
Name a time when the Lyons had a family meal without drama... we'll wait. 😂
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
Commission to 💙
HOT♨ ♆❤BLOODGIFTED❤♆ TASTY Treat For  Romance Lovers  h…
Loving someone and having them love you back....is the most precious thing in the world❤️
It's fine these things happen 😂 don't be so hard on yourself
Nice ride for his chick 💕
Happy birthday to 🎉🎂
HAIKU PARTY We ❤️ political DRAMA, so write a haiku about it! 💋 Like this post 👯‍♂️ Retweet this post 🥞 Eat th…
Loving someone and having them love you back....is the most precious thing in the world❤️
My 1st beginnings🙌🏾 in case yall didn’t know before I was a solo artist i was in a girl group called SISTA! We were under…
1: ⚜️Retweet this🚩 2: ♦️Like this🔱 3: 🔱Follow all who like and rt this♦️ 4: 🚩Follow back all that follow you⚜️ 5: ⚜️Gain fo…
Lol none of our parents want us to fail 😂 just the way you’re looking at it
Last day to vote for  🌸🌺🌹. Keep Voting 🌺.   🚨 …
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Un-bee-lievable! Lease up to 10 phones on us! Choose the moto e4 when you switch!🐝
RT The Hero's Journey at work in my novel. Read the post by Ian Graham Leask! ➡
It's Playoffs season and I'm here for it !! 🗣 LETS GOOOO KING JAMES
Lmfao I texted a few 😩😩 but literally everybody blocked
My dad called my nana &amp; told her how happy he was to get a visit from us yesterday. That just warms my heart ❤️
This is one of my fav parts of IAWIA ❤️
Just signed up for c4s...thanks and 😘
May gone be a great month🙌🏽
Should there be a DAY PARTY the day of TITH3️⃣ ? On April 28 RT WHEN YOU ANSWER ‼️
👑 AwesomeAnal 👍 .
shares adorable videos of Stormi.😍
Lil 5 is dumb 🤷🏻‍♀️
you can hear jongin's high pitched laugh as soon as he saw baekhyun's.. he: couldnt help it 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂…
Pre-show steaming is so hot 🌬🔥
Lmfaoooo bro I’m crying 😂🤣🤣
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Bron about to drop 40 tonight 🤭
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!! 💞💞💞💓💓💘💘💘💘💘💘
📥Message me to make an extra $5k a week (Must have 🏦 bank/CU account in the US or CAN) - NO start up -&gt; $ NEEDED. 💵 ht…
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear 🙌 htt…
📥Message me to make an extra $5k a week (Must have 🏦 bank/CU account in the US or CAN) - NO start up -&gt; $ NEEDED. 💵 ht…
thank you girl ily!!💘💘
All’s Well That Ends Well!! ♥️ 🎶🎤🎼👏🏻🎉🍾    ♥️.
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself-  ✨🖤
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 https://…
Sorry bro, pretty words are not enough... Pes is almost dead. 👎
LEANIN LIKE A MUTHAF*CKA I MIGHT NOT EVEN SAY WASSUP 🙋🏽‍♂️🚫🚶🏾‍♂️
😂😂 this me everyday In pain or not
rt if u stan follow whoever rts🤪 ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ…
getting me so excited for the album !!  has to be on the album please 👏🏻   xxx
Tried to show my BARBER skills 🤣🤣🤣🤣 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️ think I need more practice 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️  htt…
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night 🗣 …
Forreealll....like come back here and do it yourself then 😂
Time flies...😩💯
lack of exercise and sleep which i really lack 😭😭 I want to grow taller 😣😭😭
Thoughts and prayers out to the Popovich family. 😔💔💔💔
doing skype and kik sessions right now, DM piggies 🐽💦
WHO DID THIS 😂😂
Wishing a very Happy Birthday 🎂🎉 Hope it’s amazing Love ;)💋😘💕
. . 🖥️ GOOGLE LAWSUIT WATCH - MORE LEFTIST BIGOTRY &amp; BIAS : Hispan…
Stop trying to gas me 🙄 just get that one. Lol.
🚨BREAKING!🚨 Eleven House  have asked the DOJ and AG Sessions to investigate several  era officials.…
I just love when my fans talk about me🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. 💪💜 ‘FACE YOUR…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
happy birthday, mom ❤❤❤
Okay yassss!!!! I fr feel like me and kam are her  fans😂💗💗💗
But of course✨
When time goes by and all u see and do is the same thing 😥🤔  is definitely needed
I’ve rewatched this a hundred times. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Feeling generous and I wanna give back the LOVE because  is the 💣! Retweet this and I'll give you a follow back…
I’m the most understanding person EVER ❗️but lying is unnecessary 😒
I love Zelina Vega so so so much ❤️❤️❤️💖💖💖💖❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thanks! Although I liked my 3rd cousin joke more 💯
Hahahahaha 😍he's just woweeeee to me
Ganda Mumsh at Premier Night 💜
After A Fresh Cut 😌
EXO Kokobop Private Ver. Album Giveaway! 🎉 ♨️For Indonesian EXO-L Only♨️ (Without PC or Poster. Just the album.) Follow t…
Best things in life are free If you choose to see Life itself is The most luxurious gift.. 🌼 🌼
[FANTAKEN] 180418 Fan Account Update *Seoul Tower's Light also SHINee Color 💎   cr cyadomeee https://t…
i even took you back &amp; you still had no chill 🤷🏽‍♀️
GUYS PLEASE RT THIS I NEED 200 RETWEETS AND THANK YOU SO MUCH 💞💞💞💞 THANK YOU TO ANYONE WHO RETWEETS xx http…
‼️PLEASE HELP ME FIND MY BABY BOY LOUI‼️ If anyone lives around Legends Run &amp; see him please please DM me 😢 He’s all wh…
[FANTAKEN] 180418 Fan Account Update *Seoul Tower's Light also SHINee Color 💎   cr cyadomeee https://t…
don't leave me 💦💦💦💦💦
WHO DID THIS!? 😭😭
So sad 😞, prayers for Pop
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs 🙋🏽‍♀️
🌀SHAZAM CHALLENGE🌀 Today's songs to shazam: 🌀MDR (ft. Desiigner) 🌀DNA 🌀Best Of Me Send me your screenshots of Shazam…
But then I thought she said CONNED, which also makes sense soooo🤔🤔
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
I just went to my first belly dancing class at the Y and I LOVED it 😬
Time flies...😩💯
▶MASAKI YODA -active days(1/5 Quality)-
Sending a thoughts and prayers to coach Pop and rest of his family and Spurs family. Heartbreaking 😓
We all got that one IG friend we mad cool with but but never seen in person😂
oops facial 👉 👈 facial giapponesi big boopssex com
Ariana shared a snippet of  on Instagram! 💧🎶
Tits are out! Even though it's still snowing here in Michigan! ❄️
my room is never actually "dirty" it's just CLOTHES 😩😭
Ughhh I wish I could watch it😕
Is this a vrchat filter on Snapchat? 😉💚
Very true, Michele, which is why, at  outpost 🇨🇭, I dedicate 5 holy minutes…
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
I can’t pick one lol but it’s probably First and Only ❤️❤️
Cum fountain 😜
[PREVIEW] 180418 KBS "Love Returns" Wrap-up Party: 인피니트 Sungyeol 😍 (cr:loeyeolcom)
THE CHOREO FOR LET GO!! IM SPEECHLESS!! IM CRYING!!   ©12v30th
Toma🔪🔪🔪
Silvaze is a Pure Pure Ship 💖
Preséntamelo 😍 — Sorry girl, but he’s married
NBA STYLE WORKOUT NO EXTRA SIMPLE AND EFFICENT! THE GRIND WILL SPEAK FOR ITSELF ITS MORE THAN GOOD 🏁
I ACTUALLY CRYED 💔
I fell in love with the microphone. 🖤🌹
This the same dude who told me he would rather have the raiders miss the playoffs then lose in Round 1 🤦🏼‍♂️
[INSTAGRAM COMMENT] tiffanyyoungofficial: hey sunshine ☀️
I ACTUALLY CRYED 💔
This shit got me crying 😭😭
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
This is all I want rn😩
Go follow🎬
Work On Your Story on April 24th at a Story Workout™ in Atlanta
Just thinking about my laif. An old fool with no WAEC certificate called me lazy!!! Èmi, odindi graduate 😭😭😭😭😭😭 https://t…
Work ready 👻
u ever just ❤️♥️🌸🌺💞💕🌺❤️💗❤️💖🌺💕🌹♥️💞♥️🌸💕💖❤️💗🌸💕🌺💕♥️♥️💕💕🌺🌺💖❤️💗❤️💕🌺💕♥️💖💕🌹♥️🌹💕💖🌸❤️🌸💕💗🌸🌸💗💖🌸💗
J-line visuals~🔥🔥
Work On Your Story on April 24th at a Story Workout™ in Atlanta
WANNA ONE IPU ALBUM GA (Day version) 🌸 Follow me &amp; RT to enter 🌸 Open Worldwide 🌎 🌸 1 Winner 🌸 GA ends on 30 April 2018 Re…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
When he smell good af 😋
really tried so hard not to cry at the cassandra and apollon scene bc my mom is in the next room but goddamn was it hard 😭💀
Wow! as in wow! Thank you sir Roxy ☺
＠TheJetOnTNT literally got into the game 😂😂😂.
Nicki look what I made for you 💗 what do you think? I've been supporting you since the start and I always love…
Jae VS rollescoaster 😂😂😂
I’m just gonna go ahead and leave this here😮😯🤭😱
WANNA ONE IPU ALBUM GA (Day version) 🌸 Follow me &amp; RT to enter 🌸 Open Worldwide 🌎 🌸 1 Winner 🌸 GA ends on 30 April 2018 Re…
BRON ain’t playing TADAY! 👑💪🏽🚀
RT in 5 seconds for good luck ✨🖤
I fell in love with the microphone. 🖤🌹
add me on snap! 👻 itzquisee
Lmaooo me at peter whenever he asks me if I need anything 😂😂
💚🐥CALLING ALL I GOT7s! Reminder that tickets for GOT7 2018 WORLD TOUR 'EYES ON YOU' IN TORONTO go on sale this Satu…
✨Commission's Open✨
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for        🕰️🖥️🎮💎
Thanks love it was so nice to meet you! You look amazing in the video 💖💖💖
NBA STYLE WORKOUT NO EXTRA SIMPLE AND EFFICENT! THE GRIND WILL SPEAK FOR ITSELF ITS MORE THAN GOOD 🏁
Well.....i believe we witnessed the first condom delivery service &amp; I am here for it 💯😂😭👍🏽
2018 prom queen 🌹✨
Juan Diego takes 🥇1st in the Sprint Medley. Austin Gillespie, Austin Versteeg, Ayden Carbaugh, and Noah Reninger.
Wanna have metal straws too 😕
Why do white people think smiling at you will make the fact that they’re staring acceptable?🤨
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for        🕰️🖥️🎮💎
we don’t want tea we welcome other skinnies 🤧
💥💥 California Governor Backs Down — Announces Mobilization of 400 National Guard Troops, Per Trump’s Order …
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
2018 prom queen 🌹✨
thank you so much 😭💖
A fun part about living at home is getting to see all the neighborhood moms when you go to dinner near by 🙃
we don’t want tea we welcome other skinnies 🤧
We too, get so many ideas when we sit still in the morning!!!!🤣☺️❤️❤️❤️
Thanks. I lived long enough to catch a typo and retweet it. 😂😂
YOU LOOK SO KAWAII😭😻😻😻💕
🔥 See me live, Sex Chat For Free! 💥 Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤…
scores 16 pts straight WTF 😱💪🔥
Hope everyone is wishing happy bday today. Dasss the broski ! 🤐🦉
what’s popping in gram for 4/20 👀
My sex drive is dumb retarded. I be wanting sex, right after sex 😂😭
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
2️⃣4️⃣ hours 'til our schedule drops!
[FANCAM] 180418   🇺🇸JFK to EZE 🇦🇷 by ipeung110 🔥
Isn't this lovely? Ana Rodrigues has just joined 👋 It's so nice to have you here, Ana! We hope you'll…
Lovely blonde Alexis Monroe fucked hard 👉 👈 hardcore teachers sleeping busty blonde vide…
-beams- Yes! Made the list! 😘
🤣 mad mean 😩
🤘🏻. Choreography: Song: Drip feat.
nigga has 29! 😭
Dress with boobs in or out retweet and comment what you prefer
my besties deserve the world and more 💖
baby turtle at birth 🥚🐢
I am def not crying 😭😭 so proud of my boys ♥️♥️
I want a huge collection of Kendra Scott necklaces so bad😩
Lovely blonde Alexis Monroe fucked hard 👉 👈 hardcore teachers sleeping busty blonde vide…
don’t claim that 🙅🏾‍♀️🙅🏾‍♀️
Paul's brother 😭🇯🇵
😂😂😂👍 We get it finally Behind the scene of hilarious Jikook pic Tweet 😂😂 Crazy Busan boys
Okay, the Akita sound got me. I can clearly hear his voice omg 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Grab a Mao Mao hug. And here’s another one. ❤️
Dude tf 😂
Pretty🌹
me😾irl
5+5 on tonight’s AMRAP 🧡💪🏼   @ Top Tier CrossFit
My life 👌🏼
IM LOSING IT 😜
180418 uknowcindy ins  คังฮยอก 😍😍😍 via. Ohsehunbar
27PTS, 8REB, 4AST... in the first half.
Aye bro I’m gonna be on my way to Nebraska, but I’m proud of you big bro and continue to bigger and brighter things🌟💯❤️✊🏾
💫💘💫🔜 RETWEET 🔚💫💘💫 ❄🕸❄🕸❄🕸❄🕸❄🕸❄
Wishing Everyone an Abundance Of Prosperity,Good Health &amp; Joy ☺
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor😂
⬇Meet with local hotties at 🔽 ⏭🌶🔚💖 porn Media sex Cam xxx exhibition Group nsfw Smokers vi…
I am def not crying 😭😭 so proud of my boys ♥️♥️
We don't care what the lead is the Cavs got the lead 😂 LeBron haters find the littlest things to hate on
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
Kourt is really out here living her best life😭
Let’s talk about the fact that this dollar is nothing to sis 😂✌🏾
ALERT🔥 100,000,000 $Banano Coins💦 Fill in this form to Join the Airdrop!😄 ReTweet Li…
Peace ☮️ is the path. Enjoy Today All!🙋‍♀️🌸🍃
The mute option on twitter is the 🐐
Yesterday I broke my own record in shotput at districts and came in 1st place throwing 40ft🥇🙏🏾
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor😂
Heartbroken 💔 ! Rest in Peace, dear lady!
💚 IGOT7 MTV MIAW FUN GAME 💚 ▫️Reply with GOT7 songs that start with G, M and S! Example: Girls Girls Girls, Mine and St…
When you’re enjoying life and next minute you realise you have 4 exams &amp; 3 coursework to do at uni 😭
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump 😭😭😭
💚 IGOT7 MTV MIAW FUN GAME 💚 ▫️Reply with GOT7 songs that start with G, M and S! Example: Girls Girls Girls, Mine and St…
Happy birthday 🎈🎈
My son is too cute not to post 🌻🌞
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Cameron Parks &amp; Tyler Hill  Complete Video 📽️👉 °°
Me trying to finish my paper the night before! 🤯
No way Conrad or Heisenberg help us like that 😂
Yo brian liked my post if us meeting Sun dude 😊😋
We don't care what the lead is the Cavs got the lead 😂 LeBron haters find the littlest things to hate on
The mute option on twitter is the 🐐
We got the travel trailer 😏
okay but most importantly the both of you please don't get injured!!! come back safely 🙏🏼 cloud-nim please help to protect o…
The acoustic version for 'Victorious' is sex to my ears. It's just perfect 😭😍
Quick bday pic 🎈
Only if you give him mine and my address😂😂😂!
Be careful w/ me 🤤😍
enjoy a few cute pictures of my best friend who i just so happened to fall in love with 😁 it’s so hard to find the…
Comin for ya 💟💕🌈✨💫
miss you 😙 see you guys next week!
Dinner 😋 @ Pappasito's Cantina
Robbed of her ability to face reality maybe... 😒
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS 😠😠😠😠
$1,000 up for grabs with at 8:05! Listen here:  💵
big mood rn 😭
if you’re tryna support a young artist ✨
😂😂😂 green affff
He look like a chocolate Teddy Gram 😭
Happy birthday bro ❤️💯
HOW 👏🏼 YOU 👏🏼GON 👏🏼 SNAPCHAT 👏🏼 ME 👏🏼 KNOWING 👏🏼 IM 👏🏼 UGLY 👏🏼 AND 👏🏼 THEN 👏🏼 NOT 👏🏼 SNAP 👏🏼 ME 👏🏼 BACK 👏🏼 WHEN 👏🏼 YOU 👏🏼 S…
💌🐣Partner in crime.
📣📣📣HEAR YE HEAR YE HEAR YE📣📣📣 WHAT: 🌞🌞🌞RALLY TIME🌞🌞🌞 WHERE: Santa Barbara WHEN: APRIL 22, 2018 TIME: 11:00 am to 1:00…
Ariana Lock RT if want must be following  - 💧
SondraDeeMe 300 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 300 people.
$800 for them YSL heels and I will have them for my birthday big 23 this year 🔥😜
Nothing better 😁
Matz wear his heart on his sleeve and his emotions seriously affect mine😩💆🏼‍♀️
Happy Birthday to ‘Agents of Shield’ star, Chloe Bennet!  🎂🎉🎁
It's not even 9 and I'm in the bed 😅😩
Adding to that, the fixtures have been released and we will come against on August the 9th 🔸◼️
It's not even 9 and I'm in the bed 😅😩
I am Loving on Me! ♥️
⚔️skate fast eat innes' ass
He did em like that 😱
seungkwan with these little cuddly kids is really the cutest thing ever ! 💛
Class of 2019 🗣 ... Come check out what Catholic U Football has to offer!! 🗓 April 28th ⏰10 AM 📍Washington, DC
The intersect of art + science + Shelley’s poetry ⚡️ More awesome collisions + collabs from 🤟🏽👽💡…
Then how do you think it makes the passenger feel? 😂
Twt Ceballos: Work hard in silence and let your success make the noise 🙏🏽💪🏽⚽️ 💚
She took all of the funk out of the song 😂😂😂😂
Milk is just cow titty juice🥛🥛
first we rode the rides, then I rode his face 😉
VOTE: 🚨 ➖  ➖  ➖ Let's widen the gap!!!
I lost track at 19. 😕
OMG! Just look at this gorgeous girl MAE! A STAFF FAVORITE was adopted; STARVED😭💔💔 FOR OVER 2 MOS by POS💩👿 HUMANS! They be…
Let's connect Nigeria! 🇳🇬🇳🇬🇳🇬 Gain 400 followers! Retweet if you follow back! Let's GO!
Have Calvin Klein taken inspiration from Big Jimmy Jones for their latest £275 'Washing Up Gloves' look 🤔 …
[ ARMY: To Do] 📀 Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy 💜
I get in my moods where I don’t be wanting to talk and that’s when everybody got a question 😤
The Housemates receive their Last Party Clothes 🙂
THANKS GOD FOR WAKING ME UP TODAY. 🙏👆
nicki talking about us being mean when she left quavo suffer all them hours while were tore him to shreds 💀
i love this sweatshirt so much :,) 🤗💄💙🧡
little pupper does an aroo 📹: oliver_the_corgii
How can you call Monsta X nobodies when you have a profile pic with a Korean in black face?🙄 Even your choice in pics…
Out Now Go Listen 🔥🔥💯
ur layout is beautiful 😫💙
_ 🎊⓵ Gain Time! ⏳ 🎀⓶ Follow me  🔔⓷ Retweet &amp; Like This 💝⓸ Follow everyone who RTs/LKs 💯⓹ Turn my Notifications ON📳 ✍🏻⓺ Com…
It’s Official This Weekend I’m Going To Knoxville Tennessee !!! 🧗🏽‍♂️
History was made 20 years ago today. ⬇️ "With the first pick of the draft, the Indianapolis  select Peyton Manning." http…
nicki talking about us being mean when she left quavo suffer all them hours while were tore him to shreds 💀
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
3/4 of the team is 🗑
Ctto johhcac😂😂😂❤️
Go on my brooklyn and bailey fan page acct called hope u check it out😊
⚠️ ARMY buying from Amazon especially US/Canadian ARMY...PLEASE check when purchasing that the item says "Sold by: https…
Everybody left first .. I'll go with you tomorrow 🐝     …
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
What they said👇
Africans🤣🤣🤣
Nominate for your 2018 prom king 👑
👉 MOST VIEWED MV BY A KOREAN GROUP (as of 04/18 (10:20 PM KST) 1. : 347.4M+ 2. : 345.2M+ 3. DNA: 343…
glowwwwyyyy wednesday everyone🌞
literally ovr math 🙄
🌺 Day 1 - 35,518 Day 2 - 124,986 Day 3 - 36,240 Day 4 - 28,048 Day 5 - 9,890 Day 6 - 10,632 Day 7 - 9,31…
OH MYY GOSHHH😩😍💙💙
Nice to meet you, Jimu! 😆 Yay I really looking forward for your next concert experience 😉😉 Have fun! 🙌😆
I can't stand "it's not that funny" kind of people, like okay I'm sorry with your amargada no sense of humor having ass 😒
I can’t stand it!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
It was funny when we were like 12😭
Cavs look terrible Lebron ain’t making it out the first round with these niggas🤦🏿‍♂️
It was funny when we were like 12😭
That’s your headline? 🙄How about crazed man throws car in reverse &amp; hits patrol car. Assault on officers…
I swear 😂😂😂
I thought it looked familiar 😉
Café, always! 😂
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Ariana Grande has shared a snippet of "No Tears Left To Cry" on her Instagram! 🌈  …
Hala! May bagets! As in bagets 😂
God is preparing you for something great , Hold on 🤞🏾❤️
Guess I'm going back to the Q🤷🏽‍♂️
Famosa edecan con ropa transparente. Ve como la cogen en 👉 👈 rou…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
😭😭😩 Just wow, ma heart
I’m not looking for a relationship, I’m looking for a college that will accept me 💁🏻‍♀️
ok fine FINE 😂😂
BEAUTIFUL 😍😍 congratulations!!
This episode 🔥
I have a problem 😩 I keep buying the same shade range lipsticks and it’s getting outta hand. I need help 😰
i'll follow a couple people who RT this :) pls help get me accepted into the beauty guru community !!!! ❤️❤️ …
🔥Get daily money 🔥Follow us + RT 🔥Tag your friend 💰The prize is Gloves Case by 169$! ⏳A winner…
can school be done already?🙄
God has brought me such a loooong way and he’s nowhere near done ❤️ thank you Lord!!
ok fine FINE 😂😂
😳wow! Another movie! Sharraout to the cast &amp; crew🙌🏽
Okaaaay. I don’t mean to be head ass but I mean to be head ass. 🤧💖💖 and thank you bb 😘
EPIC. You actually look really pretty w/the hairstyle &amp; earrings 😩😂   Twinning 🙌🏽🙌🏽
My husband is so talented ☹️❤️
🤣 mad mean 😩
📹 goawfma: esp the people who did it alone
I don’t care who drops what or when! We’re climbing the chart or we’re going down swinging HARD! 😈🔥🤘🏽
You remind me of a cupcake. Cute and sweet. 😊💜 with an adorably fitting gif to go with it 😍💜
I took an amazing nap 🤗
🤣 mad mean 😩
The quote I’m going to live off of probably the rest of my life 😭🙏🏻
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! 🙋🏻‍♀️
Me and shawty really been making moves 🤧
Peachy🍑
i’m like this but have no one to do this to 🤒
🤣 mad mean 😩
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump 😭😭😭
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
Cole just arrived here in the Philippines!!! 😭😍
share ? 💛 :&gt;
share ? 💛 :&gt;
➡️ Hey everyone is broadcasting now on  👉 click the link and go say hello 🔗…
He really squared up with the cop 😂😂😂
Yes I luv u too 💕
The full  shortlist is now released at 🌈
He really squared up with the cop 😂😂😂
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. 🔥 🔥🔥
Happiest birthday, ! God bless you always! 🙏💛  CTTO
Worst comparison 😂
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Imagine your girl bushing your hair in that direction smh 🤦🏾‍♂️
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s İnstagram are too much 😂😂😂
Of course!! ❤️
when  steps on the field...🤑
Wow RIP 😥
They put Beyoncé's Coachella performance on PornHub💀
I should be packing for my house sitting job.....but I don’t want tooooo. 😩
seokjin is back with his heart event but this time taehyung was part of it aw they are the cutest 😂
They’re signed to the same label &amp; both have ghost writers. 🤷🏾‍♂️
THIS IS GOLD 😂😂😂
New blessings are coming your way 😇
I want a nigga geeked about me.😍😍😍😍🤪
Idiots. And look who it is again 😂 I swear this dude searches “LeBron” and responds to every tweet.
get a man who knows how to handle your abnormalities and kagaguhan attitude 🙄
Head Over Hills For Oomf Barred 😩❤️
Finding both love and friendship in the same person &gt;&gt;&gt; 😍😭
JUST LET THIS SINK IN SNOWFLAKES ❄️! 🤣  🇺🇸
Big Time Hire!! So happy for you LW!! 🙌🏾
Go crazy. Stay humble. Love you man🎒🔌
Right!! Cuz everyone knows he got those medals at the Dollar Store! 😑
My 1st Single  Dropping June30th 🔥✅💯
NCTzens!  MV has already reached 1M views on youtube!!! 🎉🎉🎉 Let's keep on streaming! 😊💕
NEW GODLY ACCOUNTS FOR SALE🔥 DM FOR PRICING 🤑🤑🤑🤑
Damn coach pop’s wife died 😭🤧 I couldn’t imagine what’s he’s feeling rn
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Im a reignited Twitch/Rook main on PC 😍
HELLL YESSS QUEEN😍😍
&amp; I've felt this kinda pain before...😭😔💔
🇦🇷No te creo. 🇱🇷I don't believe you. 🇲🇽Si chuy!
Well it’s been fun. ⚱️
😢 rt if you cried.
1980 Enesco Country Cousins Bell 😊      …
Brittany Whitley 🤣
Brittany Whitley 🤣
Who took the picture tho🤔
Thank you for joining us for today's successful launch of  🚀, lifting  🛰 up to hunt for  around the ✨…
3. I love Totoko in all her forms...also Akumatsu stole my heart one faithful february day 😔💘
A very special bonding time with my best friend 💕 wonderful weekend retreat with amazing youths…
Love Yourself 轉 ‘Tear’ is currently the  Real-Time seller on Synnara (🇰🇷) and  in the CDs &amp; Vinyl category on Amazon,…
OMG Prayers up to Coach Pop, praying for him and everyone involved in the shocking news! 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
if don't think xukun is the cutest here, well i don't know anymore 😄
Amidst chaos, there will always be someone who makes you happy. 😍 Happy  ctto
This photo confused the hell outta me for a minute 😂
it sound like they trying to get into his pants more lmao but still i need to say its so good 😭👌👌👌
hyunjae and hwall being so cute. Aww 😍💙
This is so cute eyyyy 😂😂😂 20k for this cute fan-service Total: 3.620.000
Watch broadcast: ᖴ0ᒪᒪ0ᗯ my IᑎᔕTᗩGᖇᗩᗰ to see me get really dirty ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
I just love her 😊❤️
Chaela just told me i can’t wear a sweat suit to her baby shower 🙄🙄 ok
Cool♥
I like being alone, listening to music in my own world. away from all the BULLSHIT💪🏽
I am so here for the love and support of this tag! 😁💕
I just voted for 💛&amp; you can too by downloading the app and/or RETWEETING THIS  https:…
Chaela just told me i can’t wear a sweat suit to her baby shower 🙄🙄 ok
i really like serving. that’s money in my pockets everyday.🤑
i just 😪
[  4th Mini Album  🍃 TRACK LIST 2018.04.23       https…
Positive thoughts to coach Pop 😞
⚡️ “homemade gravity (meteorite tester)” by
🤣 mad mean 😩
Thanks for noticing me finally👋👀
this is me 😔 i can't go back to sleep now.
⚡️ “homemade gravity (meteorite tester)” by
Paul's brother 😭🇯🇵
We all gonna be
Watch to the end... 😂 😂 😂
What if there's an anime about art movements and styles as humans? 😂 (Parody- I tried to draw some of them hehe) Good Morning…
Huma Abedin: Hillary always says the dumbest things in interviews. James Comey: Hold my beer. 🍺 ** Comey admits, "I'…
😂😂😂😂😂 if I can’t pass law school at least I can say I went viral on Twitter, thread comin soon
What about Avengers? 😕
Could watch still game aww day, unreal😂
did he just “meow” 😂😂
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy 💜
The rides are copied &amp; your packet is ready to be assembled for the 18th annual physics day at Kings Island.🎢🎡
Ricochet, War Raiders and Candice LeRae tonight. I feel spoiled😭
Thank you for putting me on your Insta Story!!  💙💙💙
❗️ATTENTION❗️ Fam, when voting for MIAW Brasil and Latin America, you can mix BR and LA, BUT do NOT mix both BR categor…
Getting fucked by his college friends 😍 Add me on Snapchat SexualGuyFriend
nigga said I hate when hoes get mad and use songs to talk for them ... slap the fuck out you and Fantasia😂😂😂
Soon as I find that one , they gone be my lockscreen, header , allat 🤤.. Wanna show my baby off
❗️ATTENTION❗️ Fam, when voting for MIAW Brasil and Latin America, you can mix BR and LA, BUT do NOT mix both BR categor…
New Jurassic World trailer 🦖
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy 💜
SO SORRY IF I PARTICIPATE INTO A LOT OF GIVEAWAYS, I'M JUST TOO BROKE TO HONESTLY CARE SO PLEASE HELP ME REACH 200 RTS 😭…
Con Facdyc Linares😪
Nothing says confidence in your goalie like pulling him with 10:00 to go in the 2nd 😂😂😂
Alexa I am currently crying. That was so emotional!! 😭
Alexa I am currently crying. That was so emotional!! 😭
American🇺🇸 guys hate my face
This is super cool 🤯🤯🤯🤯, how long did they practice ???
They certainly fit the description🙄🤣.  🇺🇸
Suddenly got 20 friend requests on fb, what have I done now🤔
I’m craving some boba 🤧
Daily Giveaway  on DatDrop! Cropped Corset 🤟 * RT &amp; Follow * Tag your best CSGO friends in comment + 🔗 your profile…
2v1 still acting like dumbasses. Lone wolf I don’t need nobody. Y’all getting owned 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ tf is y’all doing
Blessed to Visit CSU 🙏🏽 I learned so much and it was a great experience thanks to &amp; https:/…
RT OR VOTE FOR Use the Hashtag 👇 👇👇👇👇
I’d rather be bored with other people rather then by myself 🤷🏽‍♀️
Stop recycling old skins pls 🖕🏽
🤦‍♂️....🤫 Says the guy who delayed our first fight by 5 months because of injury. 😂🤷‍♂️ https://t…
It’s a fire consuming everything it knows Just to grow🔥
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 YAS tho . No one gave a fuck about me at 5 months except prob my ma but she had the class to…
faith4verlives 50 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 50 people.
The 911 Turbo and 911 GT3 in this  ☀️ at
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful 😍 These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
I need those sunglasses cookie rockin! Fashion always on point! 😎😎😍🎵🎶🔥🔥🔥🔥
Blessed to Visit CSU 🙏🏽 I learned so much and it was a great experience thanks to &amp; https:/…
Pray for Siria 🇸🇾
Happy 28th birthday to you, 🎈
YALL WRONG FOR THIS 😂😂
Ikr??? Whats happening 😂😂😂 is this a comeback hint 😈😈 you are me i an me you me i me me me m…
just wanna save my money , drink water and mind my own business 🤑
boys still talkin like the film aint said enough 😴😴😴 EAT ALL 2018 FAM!!!
NICE FOR WHAT TO THESE 👱🏼‍♂️🧔🏽🧔🏾
just wanna save my money , drink water and mind my own business 🤑
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
I don't, but, each one to their own 😂
You know what 😭😭😭 shooters shoot and I hope you made it.
Army look at this beautiful add on Time Square ‼️
wouldn’t trade you for this whole world. thankful just being your girl. ❤️
I appreciate you. 😘
hey u a cute girl 💓 keep takin pics, luv u
waaaaahhhh I'mscreamiiiiinggg  💖
my back is throbbing 😖
We 😍 Tuesday's  What about you? 1.  2. J-Hope  3. &amp;
€ 😗Follow me and everyone who like or retweet this
- My Mom Looked Me In My Eyes &amp; Said Dont Make The Same Mistake I Made 😞 If You Allow It &amp; Do Nothing About It Nothing Will Change 💯
Your welcome you know us girls gotta keep an eye out from them cutie 😍
This time it wasn’t PayPal 😬 But who knows what the future will bring us. What about entering the crypto space…
The park be so dry😩
Its in wattpad and let me tell you, smut is✔💯 but there is use of drugs || violence || foul language || BDSM-ish☺ a…
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 🍬
You two are toooooo much. Hilarious fun ! pietro🤣🤣🤡
Creed was so underrated 😂
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 🍬
Why is Lebron winning right now lol 😐
I'm so annoyed with this dude. 🙄🙄
If you can’t jam out to this song with me, we can’t be friends 🤷🏼‍♂️
⏬ watch ⏬ orgy porn group amateur russian xxx sex nsfw porno
Creed was so underrated 😂
Hey Bridget! Typically, current seasons are posted on streaming services soon after they're aired on TV first. 😊
Love the fact she has piercings and tattoos😻
Trump retweeted this woman today. Only the best people. 🙄
🏀😂🏀🏀 just tee him up!
My screen! No choices😠
To my precious Jongdae, 10 days from now, I will be able to see you in person. I am very excited as of the moment! 😍😘…
4  to  How  Your  Is🏇
Creed was so underrated 😂
Prayers up to Coach Pop 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Look out  The AG and the boys are going after Robert Mueller ‘s girlfriend. Expect the spin 👇🏼  …
🚨RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME🚨  And don't forget to vote on  App!
🚨🚨 BREAKING: Eleven GOP Congressmen Unite to Refer Comey, Clinton, McCabe, Lynch &amp; FBI Agents for Criminal Prosecution htt…
anyone who knows me, knows I was made to live on an island. this life gets me. 🌊☀️🌺🌴💞
🌸[ Giveaway] 🌸 Jimin doll with eggshell set 🐣 🛎The rules are in the pic 1 I will randomly pick a winner on 25th Apri…
such an awesome and amazing performance ❤️ oh did I also mention  🔥🔥🔥🔥
RAW 😝 PC - Richard Arthur
this little boy knows how to get off of the bed. 🤦🏼‍♀️ my peaceful life is over.
LeGoat James 29pts, 8reb, &amp; 4ast at halftime.. never test his goatness again🤐🤫
you’re so pretty 😻
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like 🤔 Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game 🔥🔥🔥
y’all don’t know shit😒read ah MF book or something they been doin this for YEARS.
Deals📲
yes of course. we love a confident sister🤩‼️
can school be done already?🙄
Wtf 😭 I never got to pay attention to it.
'I tell you what freedom is to me: No fear.' Nina Simone © Ave Pildas 1964
It's safe to say there was plenty of MAGIC! at last year's Summer Concert Series 😉
Pg on 1 again tonight 👏🏾👏🏾🙏🏽
This is my little Buster I love him with all my heart ❤️
these last 2 weeks about to be so stressful😩😩
follow everyone who retweets this🎯
how can people even still slander lebron 🤦🏾‍♂️
Theatre bizarre.  at end of   CLICK HERE ⏩⏩ ⏪⏪
🤣 mad mean 😩
this saturday i was suppose to take my business final but i have work from 9-2 and then babysit from 3:30-7 🙃
That’s my LS ❤️
👇🏼 This thread cracked open “white feminism” for me. If you find yourself raising an eyebrow at the term, READ THIS…
music therapy 😏
Ahhhh thank you!!! 😭
I love my life very much 💗🍊✨ Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
🐱first try🐰
East coast I’ll be live tweeting with you during the musical episode! tune in, 45 minutes ❤️  …
Go download “nobody else” by Casso BLAX now 🔥🔥🔥 tune 🔥🔥🔥
I love my life very much 💗🍊✨ Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
All my fans will love this! Please watch❤️🔥
coming down the lane! 🔨
Sorry for the random tag❣️
Everyday music video 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
God thank you for everything. 🙏🏾♥️🙌🏾
I need ah bittie wid army strong birth control cause ah nigga tired of pulling out and buying condoms 😭
And they now turn on the rocks theme song. Definitely doesn't help 😂😂
Cute 😘😘😘
i love this sweatshirt so much :,) 🤗💄💙🧡
RT:  🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Hello, fellow  Let’s have a  🎊🎉 There is no more time to stay silent! Follow the  this Novem…
mindless self indulgence taking me right back to the glory days of 2008 😩
he asked someone else ! 😁
🍁 🍁 🍁 🍁 🍁 🍁 🍁 A PLACE TO STAND, A PLACE TO GROW, June 7, Vote 🔹DOUG FORD🔹…
If you don’t watch HGTV then get the fuck out of my face😂
I snorted then giggled when i saw this 😂😂😂
Calvin the Cavapoo 😍
Woohoo everyone who placed orders for MaNo are all getting the Photobook too 😻
headless woman spotted at walgreens 👁👁
🎹Full of humor! Fun! 🎹 My song!👇 htt…
One of my four reasons for living... 💜💙💚🧡 . .
Wow😍😍 Her voice🎤
I ALREADY look at Trump with disgust! Every minute, of every day of my life! Puke 🤮!!!!
Talk to me baby💯😕
Showing off the new smile like 😬 Elisabeth is happy because she gets to wear her new smile to prom this year! Yay…
Happiest birthday, Mimi! Wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy 💙…
⚾️ Final: 14 4
back in the 409 🤔
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this 😭 …
Here’s a song for you… Fragment II by boerd ✨
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this 😭 …
bitch sowon and chungha friendship though 😭
I want dick 😏
bro. That’s why we have this emoji 👺 shook. We must all now use this emoji to represent a strap. We shall mark this day down…
🤣 mad mean 😩
good job 👏🏻 is ready for another hour of voting. Lets keep voting guys. BBMAs voting will sta…
🤣 mad mean 😩
Tryna secure this bag tomorrow. Today was just the intro 💰
Went shopping for deuce &amp; somehow it became about Auyden 😒
When bunny and Naina were staring at each other 😍
happy birthday !! ilysm😘💜
The King 👑 doing royal things
OMFG YES 😍😍😍
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful 😍 These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
Everyone got their popcorn ready? 🍿 Good. It’s time to watch crush, smash and destroy the
that looks so good 🤗🤗🤗🤗😭❤️
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump 😭😭😭
happy birthday !! ilysm😘💜
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful 😍 These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
I can sit here and watch all day!  🤷🏽‍♀️
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! 🐶🏃
THE CHOREO FOR LET GO!! IM SPEECHLESS!! IM CRYING!!   ©12v30th
Bring me to rehab. Im addicted to iced coffee vanilla 😍😍😍
thank you 😭😇
🤣 mad mean 😩
He really squared up with the cop 😂😂😂
I can sit here and watch all day!  🤷🏽‍♀️
My drive home from work included this view today. 💙
Good morning Mr. President &amp; you have proven not only to your fellow🇺🇸but to the world that peace through strength is t…
🤗you’re never alone🤗
Thanks for sharing this with me! 🤞  🦍
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 good luck
So proud of my boys being apart of the District Art Show!! 🎨❤️😍 @ Kyrene School District
I love this man😘he’s got common sense!
"Forever we are young" 💜 cr. BTSorbit
Idk who taught my baby this BS‼️😂😂😂😂 IG:meetthesaunders24
happy WEDNESDAY! YOU are in control of your happiness, and what kind of day you will have. Make today fcking AWESOME🤗🤗
"Forever we are young" 💜 cr. BTSorbit
This Rose Lamp would be the cutest gift 🎁 😍 🌹
Second anniversary of solo 🙏🏻
Just watch black dude face the whole time 😂
LeBron James drops the first 16 points of Game 2. 😱
They were fine 👍
im ugly as the fuck rn ohwell☺️😅
took two sleeping pills instead of one so we’re going✈️hard sleep
No snap back. 💀
group work is the bane of my life😑🙄
Just watch black dude face the whole time 😂
Whut😂😂😂😂
patience my fellow king i know da streets dry rn 😔
Whut😂😂😂😂
"It's good to know that Bo still like eating pound cake." 💀
Goodnight babbies💅❤
She’s adorable Tati 💕💕💕
🚨ANOTHER STAIN ON THE FBI🚨 An FBI agent who was caught in a Trump admin. crackdown pled guilty Tuesday to leaking classi…
handle with care 🌼
“Good people lie” - Hold my beer, I gotta go charge Flynn with lying... 🙄
➕ ready for this &amp; tokyo
handle with care 🌼
This is a good game, let me not jinx it. 🏀
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
say that shit again ‼️‼️‼️
handle with care 🌼
see this why I Been Inlove with you since my 9th grade year lmao 😍 that’s one person not tired of it lol 🙌🏽
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
The best thing to hold onto life is each other😘
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
handle with care 🌼
A letter from my dad to a teacher during my school years. I think the appropriate emojis are 😂 and 🙈. “Life’s hard enough”…
handle with care 🌼
HELLO HELLO HELLO THE EP IS OUT!!!🔥🙌🏻 SKSKS
handle with care 🌼
Worst 😂😂
handle with care 🌼
show sum love 😈🍑
Nerve Agent " was used and produced in the  since 2008. The Patent 👉us 9,132,135 b2👈 confirms this. Here's…
Her beauty. Her smile. I love. 🤩❤️
Lawyer-ing &gt;&gt; Family Court - Monmouth County ........ ⚖️⚖️ ........+ +
this pic is off the ⛓ I couldn’t resist 🤣 Last Coachella pic I promise
I got you😉 can't wait to see you slay that stage!!!
A month ago today, I watched as she took her last breath. 😭😥💔 Just like that, my mother was gone
Goal is overturned as the play is ruled offside… Back to 1-1. 🙃
I’m on my phone, I do what I want 🤷🏽‍♀️
like this if you tryna be my friend, i'm bored af at work. 🙄
Well that was easy Comey just admitted he and McCabe lied🤷🏼‍♀️
WooGyu in pink hoodie 💕
is planning to be showed on the 3rd quarter of the year. 😍✨ 🐥
🔴 L I V Ξ We playing with make-up from and creating a fun festival look! Plus make-up
I thought niggaz forgot about me 😌
It was pretty smooth. 😂
It was pretty smooth. 😂
I need to follow more yuta accounts 😩
Awww does it make you feel better to attack children. You are such a wonderful loving person 😂😂you…
I’ve literally never hated a character more than betty cooper 💀
What a cutie tootie😻
Tattoo party in Alaska ✔️ Nate and are up next!
🐰🥃💨 5↑ 5↓ crop    https://t…
how about just trying to act a little more presidential... Like this guy ⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️ …
Happy 18th birthday to the best boyfriend a girl could ask for! I love you Anthony 💕
🔥 24 HOUR PUBG FLASH GIVEAWAY! 🔥 To Enter: ✅ Retweet ✅ Visit BetPUBG: ✅ Follow: ✅ Fo…
🔥 24 HOUR PUBG FLASH GIVEAWAY! 🔥 To Enter: ✅ Retweet ✅ Visit BetPUBG: ✅ Follow: ✅ Fo…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
7 princes on the stage 😂😂😍😍
Sharks game on Sunday !? 🤔
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Later💋
♦️Go rogue Please play  Take a listen and give this young artist a spin…
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
Ain’t ever competing for nobody’s love nor attention, if theirs somebody else then fuck it they can have you tf💁🏻‍♂️
blackwatch moira 🔥
Support 😊😊
🔱 Very Hot 🔱 🔱➤
May you find moments of quiet reflection, serenity and beauty. 🌼 Have a fabulous week! 🌼
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
That’s some amazing fucking💦
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs 🙋🏽‍♀️
🙌 YASSS It's time for a great show Monamuuu`:Boa Noiteeeeeeee
🚨amazing stickers for sale🚨 I’m selling these sticker (Raley and BISON) for $5 ALL the money that is raised will go to…
LOL GIRL STOP 🛑
Only one more month till I’m in NYC🙌🏽
〰 these pics are beautifully taken by hellovenus that I cropped into a wallpaper size. feel free to use! 💛✨
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
Nbs whoever u fuck with should match how you coming💯💯💯
follow me🙌
Nbs whoever u fuck with should match how you coming💯💯💯
The doughnuts 🍩 🍩🍩🍩🍩 have arrived for  7-Year LA celebration!
〰 these pics are beautifully taken by hellovenus that I cropped into a wallpaper size. feel free to use! 💛✨
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
i love you so so so much thank you and ditto 💕💕💕💕
Put these Fuck boys on notice 💪🏼
is jumpingggggggg ‼️
Paul's brother 😭🇯🇵
🔥 last 12 matches: 🆚 ⚽ 🆚 ⚽ 🆚 ⚽ 🆚 ⚽⚽ 🆚 ⚽⚽⚽⚽ 🆚
I got the business from my ex in law's about how my cats were gonna steal my baby's breath...she's 13 now! 😂👊
One month to go! 🎟
Wasn’t expecting all that 😂😂😂😂
Anyone wanna cheer me up? I’m a little sad rn.... 🤕
😂😂better bring extra blankets na boy
Happy birthday to one of my very best friends. I love you and miss you so much hot stuff!!!!💕💕
Late but I'm here 💋   👅🍒
Let's go to the carnival 🎡
OMG NAO STOP i'm soft ;;;; love u my first namjinist mutual ;;💗💗💗
interviews 😂😂
🎉Our next  drawing is April 20th which lands on  Celebrate by playing a game with…
🚨SHOW DAY! I’m sangin’ on live TV tonight 8/7c. Don’t forget to LIVE vote while  is performing! luh you all. H…
OMG NAO STOP i'm soft ;;;; love u my first namjinist mutual ;;💗💗💗
We are here 🍢🍢🍢
Sort of like spontaneous combustion without the fire. 💣
Thanks love💘💘 and yes she does
🆘 URGENT TO BE KILLED 18TH APRIL 2018 🆘 I'm Ravioli 25080. A female black &amp; white cat at the Manhattan Animal Care Center. I…
2️⃣9️⃣ for No. 23
Sweet and Sour Tokwa (Tofu) Recipe➡️
No one and I mean NO ONE should want to claim dat shit or be proud of it js🤦🏽‍♂️
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Hold on so men don’t know the difference between yeast and actual cum? 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 aw that’s mad wild b
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Whole rebellious shit this summer 👄😛
Yo Let’s collaborate 🤔!. What you guys think Nation? RT if you’d like that! …
Thicc' Foot Fine 😍❤️
i think the person i highlighted there is gonna be the main 👀
Whole rebellious shit this summer 👄😛
Outfits con Crop Top para un look Sexy y Casual (2018). 💁🏼‍♀️👗💋 Ver 👉
Thanks for the shout-out! 👋 Let me know if you have any questions!
good morning potatoes 🥔🌞
LMAO THE END 😂😂
Good night, Sweetie 🌻
Happiness means 😍😚
NCTmentary EP5. jungwoo extended cut 💅
Are the Cavs playing man D? This is fun basketball 🏀.
Follow everyone who Retweets this 🏆
GORGEOUS ❤️. IMY❤️
I AM CRYING 😭
CLICK HERE ⏩⏩⏩ ⏪⏪⏪ Best  dating sites canada. Free
Cookie  ❤
Cookie  ❤
Good night, Sweetie 🌻
LDOC  Everyone’s Invited  Get Your Tickets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;✊🏾✊🏾asap  …
finally soldier ji chang wook and kang haneul in one frame 😭😭😭
Look at Hakeem as a mentor...I like that look on him...I’m seeing a bromance sparking and it’s LIT 😍🤩🖤🤗
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Please give them a privacy and respect them not only as your idol but as a human too 🙏
cute 🌟
Me after listening to The ElyXiOn intro 😭💘
will never get over how beautiful this video is😍🤤😍
Some links to tide you over this draught 🤣
“That bitch, Trump, was tweetin’ again” 😂😂😂
J-line visuals~🔥🔥
✔ [  - THIS - TWEET ] ✔ ✔  afollowapple and RETWEETERS✔ ✔ FOR 100+ FOLLOWERS FAST  ✔ ✔  ✔ 0.3
Thousands of members joined in the last week! 👋 Learn more about  in this short video.
“That bitch, Trump, was tweetin’ again” 😂😂😂
Why is it when you're really hungry, all social media has to offer is pictures of delicious looking food. 🙄😪
⚠ 2K Games is having issues since 08:00 PM EST. 👉 RT if you are also having issues
Good afternoon! Thank you for joining us for the launch of  🚀  🛰 from Cape Canaveral, Florida. Today’s 30 second…
Good afternoon! Thank you for joining us for the launch of  🚀  🛰 from Cape Canaveral, Florida. Today’s 30 second…
FRIENDS, FAMILY, and FOOD 😆
I BOUGHT A VIP TICKET FOR WANNA ONE IN CHICAGO!!!!!!!! Selling my P1 for a reasonable price, please send DM 🤗…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
Oh how I love you sid!!! 😍🐧🐧
Valerya Leal 2/2 😜
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Today I got to teach clarinet lessons for a few minutes... or rather, these 6th grade clarinet all stars taught me! 🎶
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Lol guess I’ll be the only one to use my brain in this comment section 🤣
Morty found a duck egg at the park today!! 🥚 🦆
Thank God na i tried this facial care brand. Like, siya na yung perfect match ko in all aspect. Sana lovelife naman. Chz 😀😂
Made some rolling trays with my artwork 😩 now my smoking collection is looking nice ✨
Gone to the Dark Side 😏💕💁🏻 SWIPE to see this stunning  by using to prote…
[ANALYSIS📊] NEXT BIG SOUND Weekly Report: April 7 - April 13, 2018.   https://t…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano😮
Save my girl by RT-ing this tweet right now!  🎤🎤
I might just have to see u when I get out of jhs 🧐🧐
Battling depression is no fucking joke! 😞
🏆 MTV Miaw: KPOP EXPLOSION 🏆 ✅Estimated Total Tweets + RTs for   Voting is unlimit…
Black Excellence💪🏿
I’m cool to the touch. 🥀
HIS VOICE ALWAYS GETS ME 😂💀💀
HES GOT THAT FRESH CUT 😛
Omg I’m so stressed ughhh 😩
It's happening! Cannot stop smiling😎😛😉😊
😍Check out Apple iPad Pro-9.7"-128GB-Space Grey-W/UAG
I wanna hug this baby😭😭🍼
Not bad 😉
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
🆘❌URGENT!! This tiny baby and siblings need rescue ASAP!!
Wait for me to come home 😊🎶
Are any of these Females gonna differ themselves from the next?! I mean Damn!!!🤦🏾‍♂️
Wish I could tell you guys what I’m doing today but I can’t. 😩. I CAN say it’s ALBUM related &amp; it’s currently my favorite t…
Wait for me to come home 😊🎶
I’d never slap box shorty🤕
~...🌷One DAY You'll Miss those Morning TEXT "Messages" I send YOU🌸 🌷One DAY You'll Miss how I…
Unit 😝😩
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Who would have thought feeding a toddler is like pulling teeth!!!!! 🤬
i love you so so so much gia thank you for always being here for me ❤️
They don’t call him the King for no reason 🤷🏾‍♂️👑🐐
I MISS MY B! 😭
If I had friends as a kid, I probably would have never learned to mind my business, or observe people. 😂
Now THAT is a cool use of a 3D printer - designing replacement parts that are measured &amp; fit properly! 💀
Bruh 😢😭😞
🍯🌞 Honey Flavor
You’re welcome, Autumn. 😀
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute 🙄
🍯🌞 Honey Flavor
Harry Potter is a great thing for the world. That is all. 👏
😂😂 soon
Ariana Grande has shared a snippet of "No Tears Left To Cry" on her Instagram! 🌈  …
What🙀🙀🙀- Carnivore diet showing sign of reversing arterial disease🤔- don’t tell the vegans, they might cry …
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute 🙄
-First jump!! 😍🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
just ran over yet another median 😅
The OT3™
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
Morning all my beautiful floof pals Malibu is so much better today eating well not been sick yay ❤️hope all my floof pa…
*fist bump* ❤️ It’s been something I’ve been torn up over for years, but I’ve finally found a good ther…
New episode Alert ‼️‼️‼️‼️🚀🚀🚀🚀
It’s just Twitter and you are just a Twit 🙄
Thanks!🌸
Accra we dey 🇬🇭🇬🇭
[ ] 🎉 ARMY, J-Hope's "Daydream" MV surpassed 50M views on YouTube! With more than 3M 👍 📎 Link: …
New episode Alert ‼️‼️‼️‼️🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ooooooo saucy 👀
🚘 Meet Claudia Parsons,  and explorer. In 1919 Parsons was inspired by the newly founded to apply to
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie 🙌 few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na☺
Special custom nudes and vids. Come and buy 💋 kik me Kik right now😈😏
Alex is always talking about her mum, what about her DAD? 🤔🤔🤔
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie 🙌 few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na☺
vid up on my channel 🧡❤️💗💛
Wouldn’t be possible without your help ‼️‼️‼️
His smile when exo-l was mentioned I literally uwu-ed out loud 😭😭😭
You ready to start streaming straight from the toilet?😂😂
Trump's degree of toughness towards Russia. He went from rimming Putin's ass 👉 to crawling inside Putin's anus and call…
nigga cheating through email 🤦🏾‍♀️
SLAYING THE GAME WHATTTTT😍😍😍
We are grateful to for digitally restoring classic🇵🇭 films and giving the rare chance to viewers to watch…
Thank you! 🤗
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
GIRL this is why you my best friend ALL LOVE FOR YOU 😩
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Why don’t you just live your life and stop tweeting indirectly about how mad you are you’re not in a relationship 😂
🚨So just posted a poll🚨 in their website asking 'Who do you think has been dominating 2018 so far?' our boys…
You do realize it's called doing a storyline and its only entertainment. 😒😒😒
[📈STATS] - (05:00) 👉 MelOn 🔹 DNA - 34 (4 spots 👆) 🔹 Spring Day - 38 (6 spot 👆) 🔹 Go Go - 78 (7 spots 👆) 🔹…
Creed was so underrated 😂
[ ARMY: To Do] 📀 Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
Lucid Dream.🌿💕🎶🎶
hangover 🤮
Boom🐱🐯❤️❤️❤️
Im really so thick 😩😂 like yes weight 😍
I had to do some slight shit 🔥
Im really so thick 😩😂 like yes weight 😍
duuuuuuuude 😂😂😂
D-400 🌻🌻🌻🌻 170317 Reminiscence of a Novelist in HONG KONG - Forever (feat.규와이) ▶️ Full HD ver. …
[CAPS] JUNGKOOK, V y SUGA image flag. BTS Japan 4th Muster Fanmeeting🌟   Cr. 什么都有…
That smile though♥️!
💚 Introduction to  💚
that shit did the granny smith apple 👂 🐶 🔚 Thank you, -flippo
Y'ALL, EDDIE'S 'BOUT TO GET HIS A$$ WHOOPED. 😮
Me🐸irl
‼️Release the Memos‼️ Rosenstein needs to know if he doesn’t meet the deadline to turn over the Comey Memos, t…
How do you even recover after this?🤯😫
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
Trust Can Take You Ah Long Way 💔💯💯
difundan 💚
Okay 😌 new sister WOOP WOOP!
1 million subscribers on YouTube plaque! Looks so good &lt;3 almost ready for my 10 million 🙈
What’s the hold up?? ☹️
Did you use the “Kylie Jenner” magic trick? 😂
🤣🤣🤣 wala niouley gueureum guey diayy yaarou
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
CB - Loyal (Xclusive version) 🔥
I'll write verses om My arm...In Blood...🌌 ....we are just stardust
🤣 mad mean 😩
Not bad 😉
RETWEET TO 🅱️E NEXT VIDEO’S SHOUTOUT! (CHOOSING 5) **NEW VIDEO!** REACTING TO EMO BANDS ON CRACK 54! …
that shit did the granny smith apple 👂 🐶 🔚 Thank you, -flippo
📸 EXO Suho, Baekhyun &amp; Kai today at the release ceremony for EXO official commemorative medal~ EXO is the first Kpop id…
Scanning Overwatch Archives Challenge files… Now activating: UPRISING STORY MODE 👉 https://t.…
my 9 year old niece is as tall as me ☹️🙃
Road trip 🔥🔥🔥🔥
WHEN YOUR EDC TICKET ARRIVES 🎟 IM JUST A LITTLE EXCITED 😝
If i start gaining weight in all the wrong places ima b mad asf 😂😂😂
If i start gaining weight in all the wrong places ima b mad asf 😂😂😂
I just CACKLED! 😂
Yall see that last track 👀 "Intro to the fall out" 2 albums for the summer???
I stay in my lane &amp; dnt bother nobody☝🏾
Why is Twitter copyrighting everything now. 👎🏼
THE REAL IS BACK 🙌🏿
That Young Thug and Nicki song is a jam tho 👌🏼🎶
Trump: The Man Who Created A Political Revolution. 👉🏻They said it could not be done. 👉🏻They sai…
If you want a Loyal  Patriot! 🦅 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 PLEASE give a follow to ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ He…
Jimin heading the Army chants at the billboard awards 💕💕💕 He looks so relieved and proud
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year 🏆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Daddy and his kitten 🐈
Hi !!! Please help me by retweeting this !!!!!!!! ❤❤ Thank you !!!💕
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Shorty lost her job, got arrested, and banned from her favorite seasonless restaurant for life. I ❤️❤️ this song https://t…
STOP THE PRESS! Thinkwell have a new book out, and guess who got a complimentary copy? 🙌🏻
💖💖 Beauty Bared 💖💖
I FOLLOW BACK STRAIGHT AWAY 😚😉😆😚😉😚😗😉😚😉😗😉😚😆😋😆😊😊😋😉😋😊😉😃😎😗😆😆😄😙😍😄😙😄😍😃😃😍😄😆😊😋😆😊😋😊😉😋😊😉😋😋😉😊😚…
I hate you libhongo 😂😂😂
I feel you 🤦🏾‍♀️
👀 Make sure to get your tickets for the if you still haven't! It will take place at the in Las Vegas o…
NEW VIDEO: Dear Ex-Best Friend (a ukulele letter) 🌟 Link: Retweet if you relate to heartbreak…
That wasnt no mf prank 😤😤😤
The weather in LA has been so perfecttt😍
😂 I post shit on purpose cause I know mfs watching my page 🤣🤣🤷🏾‍♀️
Thank youuu!!❤
HUGE shoutout to my girl these candles smell AMAZING I can't wait to try them😍💗
Skinny legend — Hey Jasmine 😘
"The Doctor's Slave" 🙇 Lights, camera, Action! P A R T 7 Pagalingin na natin tong pasyente ko.. Note: Pure FUN an…
Black Women do SUBMIT to their men but you have to actually be a MAN. 🙄
DONT MISS OUT BIGGEST EVENT OF THE YEAR!!! Get your $5 pre sale bands before it’s too late🤘🏼 event will be located…
omg nothing more tragic than noticing how much weight you’ve put on 🤮🤢 someone wire my jaws shut plz bikini season is…
I try to caption my snapchats so if you’re hard of hearing you still know what I am saying 💕 Mostly my non-sexual ones…
🔞 Commission for Cyberia Large version with additional details will be on their page: …
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” 😭💀
Birthday was lit🌻😜
Like to be in a conspiracy theory gc 💜 rules: -All The Tea Allowed☺️☕️ -Be Lit🤗
So ready to be at the beach 😩
when you really should read the fine print of your contract. 🤣
DAMN HATE IT WEN I SEE STRET VIOLENC!!! 👎👎👎👎
i knew that nap was gonna turn into more than a nap 🤦🏽‍♀️
Yes girl
Kasey Musgraves 👍
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
🔞 Commission for Cyberia Large version with additional details will be on their page: …
Me 5 minutes after my boo leaves 😭
dont judge, and u will not be judge ✔️💯
Like to be in a conspiracy theory gc 💜 rules: -All The Tea Allowed☺️☕️ -Be Lit🤗
From his fan in 2014.. Too teammates in 2018.. ⚒
You are beautiful 💕..
PFA Team of the Year ✅ Captain's armband ✅ Premier League clean sheet no. 17 of the season ✅ Not a bad day, eh David? 😉 https:…
27PTS, 8REB, 4AST... in the first half.
Denzel Washington hit with the Training Day bit 🚬 (via
Hold On Wait 📀
“For some this place is sanctuary. Forever welcoming back, forever remembering its heroes.” 🏟 NEYLAND STADIUM 🏟
[ ARMY: To Do] 📀 Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
My pockets on scoliosis 😤💯💯
What will and do in 2018? 👀
you look mad good w ya big ass head 😍😍😍
Hi !!! Please help me by retweeting this !!!!!!!! ❤❤ Thank you !!!💕
Thank you so much, phy! 😭💖
When  take on  😍💅 LM HQ x
Daniella I have no words 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I wheezed at 8:30am because of this HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The Looming Tower!!   😍😍
Me and my coworkers are legit like little kids at work 😂😂 always got some kind of snack or candy at our desk
"It's good to know Bo still likes eating pound cake" 😂😂😂😂
When  take on  😍💅 LM HQ x
NEXT TIME YA SEE ME CATCHING FEELINGS FOR SOMEONE PUNCH ME IN MY MF FACE. 🤣
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless 😂😂 …
When you're just not vibing with that yellow/green color photo of me taking a photo📸✨
I 👏🏾 Am 👏🏾 EVERYTHING👏🏾
Lmfao 😂😂🖕🏻
dear lordy, that coming from you is hella ironic ☕️
VOTE NOW... 🙂
Damn prayers to him and his family😞
Where is  🤔
Damn prayers to him and his family😞
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out 😭
Good morning! ☀️🌞 CLEARANCE SALE continues vintageaccentph 💖 most items must go! 🚀 Further…
Happy Birthday babe. Smile for me. 😊
-- 180418 SHINee - anan vol. 2099 excerpts 💖 · Please note that these were done from japanese to korean translations and may…
“Wowwww so you just gone hang up?” 😂😂
Family photo. 📸
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Like lion, like cub. 🦁
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
❤❤😘😘Thank you all for 2k followers. 😘😘❤❤ Welcome and hope you enjoy 🍑
🎵If you're guilty and u know it Tweet Away, 🎵If you're guilty and u know it Tweet Away, 🎶If ur guilty and u know it, And…
😀 This does not mean starting tomorrow at work you can....
Plz Retweet! CRAZY ALIEN INVASION PRANK 🤣🤣    …
my sister finally drank after 9 months of being pregnant and this is what happens😭😂😭 I am crying
Handsome gentlemen. 😍❤
Lmao I’ll give distressed jeans a small bit of leeway but I completely feel you shit fine how it is fuck them 😂🤷🏿‍♂️
I have no bad blood with anybody just stay away from me ✌🏽
DuBai or JorDan ??? 😉 Hashim 😕 Nice KiD 😉
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Homie has vibes are fiyahhh Follow the homie 😴💕
Follow everyone who LIKES this 🧀🍷✅  🔥
Life is so much better when the sun is shining ☀️💛
RT If You Want to be My Daddy and fuck me like this ➡…
One day someone gone appreciate me 💯
DuBai or JorDan ??? 😉 Hashim 😕 Nice KiD 😉
Yes girl
If I gotta die my mans gotta die...... his reaction 😂
My boyfriends bday is in 10 days and idk what to get him 😢
Jess......😈
Prospect Primer: WR Courtland Sutton, SMU 🎥:
YALL WRONG FOR THIS 😂😂
🇬🇧 Spray 🇩🇪 Spray 🇫🇷 Spray 🇮🇹 Spray 🇪🇸 Flus Flus
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit 😂
Have to give a full breakdown for every mood 😭😂
jin gave jimin a piggy back ride 🖤
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit 😂
He is a 🍆 but not a journalist
😭💔 3-0...this is awful
k9_jester
Artistically thirst trapping🎨🎨🎨
PAIDIAGON 42418 🚀🚀
Keep doing your thing, teachers. We admire you! 🙌
Woke up fresh faced and ready to go, back in Hamburg shooting for today 😊
"Our" girls? "The dog gone girl is mine 🎶🎵 yes she's mine mine mine 🎵🎶"
4/18 fanmeeting🇯🇵 trans JP   Tae choosed JK as a partner in a 4 of emotionals expression segment. 🐯I'll exp…
bitches having pressure bout a nigga 🙄 lameeeee UNSTABLE BITCH
This is so awesome!!🤢🤢👍
me: mum i just wanted to tell you that im gay.. mum: okay me: mum: can i ask a question? me: yeah sure!! anything 😊 mum: to…
7 years have passed quickly. things have changed, but our hearts stay the same 💕🐼 thank you for existing, apink…
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 https://…
I’ve been eating like shit and somehow still dropping weight🤷🏽‍♂️👍🏽
✴️ RETWEET ✴️ IF ✴️ YOU ✴️ RAP ✴️ 🔥 Follow ( 7.1
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
"Our" girls? "The dog gone girl is mine 🎶🎵 yes she's mine mine mine 🎵🎶"
bodyyyyyy 💦
Some of my things to decorate my pacifiers came in today!!!! 🎀
Saw tonight at Men’s league. There my be better men out there, but not many. ⛳️⛳️
7 years have passed quickly. things have changed, but our hearts stay the same 💕🐼 thank you for existing, apink…
saturday im spinning at the delta. 😸 pull up on ya girl. 🎈
Cookie walked through that hospital door to see Poundcake and my heart wanted to explode in tears! 🖤💔🖤
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
I walk and that bitch spent Kkz you ain't spend shit 😭😭🤦🏾‍♂️
This is so awesome!!!!🤘🏼
Cookie walked through that hospital door to see Poundcake and my heart wanted to explode in tears! 🖤💔🖤
Will gala with my girls. 💖
Always in the mood for 😴😬
A little more action from this week's shoot with Maria? We thought you might say yes 😉 Check out the Incredible Gallery and…
Hey Drew, We get it... You forgot who is so here's a quick refresher 😊🏫
Better Text Me Back 😐
Big chiefers 🍃 post yo selfie 😎
Maaaaan no wonder why mfs is broke 😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 saw this and thought of you 😂 why
PG’s at it again...👌
army, follow who retweet this 🐶
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 …
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
! All different personalities , but united as one ! 💯😀🙏💕
I love you❤️
fuckfuckfuck, I can't go to work clouded by dirty thoughts like this 😵
Saturday night party 😂😂😂
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep 😂
fuckfuckfuck, I can't go to work clouded by dirty thoughts like this 😵
blackwatch moira 🔥
New hat 📹: cattery_greycat
I DONT KNOW IF IM GOING TO BE LUCKY OR WHAT BUT PLEASE RT THIS TWEET AND HELP ME TO GET WANNAONE LIGHTSTICK. HELP JUSEYOOO 😭😭…
📹: little_milo_munchkin
Let's relive the first round 👏👏👏 (&amp; we suggest not discreetly watching it at work as you'll have trouble keeping your e…
Everything sema thookam😊😊😊
And on Wednesday’s the Flyers always pull Elliot 😂😂😂
i need the version of my pfp without the lines help a gal out 😳
Let's relive the first round 👏👏👏 (&amp; we suggest not discreetly watching it at work as you'll have trouble keeping your e…
🌆 👉🚖 For Taxi 📞703-445-4450
i need the version of my pfp without the lines help a gal out 😳
CORY CONACHER!!!! 🚨
I stopped researching my book to Google if I was researching too much ( 😂) and found…
seokjin and jungkook slaying that falsetto wow their voices are so amazing © 12v30th
No tonight ☹️☹️ What should I do now?!
I stopped researching my book to Google if I was researching too much ( 😂) and found…
Girl you’re gorgeous 😍😍😍
East Coast, holla @ us! RETWEET if you're watching  ✊🏾
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
Mood: 😴 Relationship Status: 👫💕 Kids: ✖️ Pets: ✖️ Favourite Colour: 🐳🧞‍♂️🧞‍♀️🦄 Favourite Food: 🍔🍕🍱🍫…
Ang ganda ganda ni mumshie!!!😭😭😍 We love you so much baby girl!
For my next self-taught trick I will climb the pole inverted👍🏻
big factsss 💯
Free Bibby 🙏🏽
RT to be the next video's sister shoutout!! FESTIVAL RAINBOW MAKEUP + LOOKBOOK! 🌈 HOW TO SLAY COACHELLA! …
I love both of my sports, giving all my time and effort for them 💯
Lil Tay be talking that shit 😂🗣
Cardi B said “I could’ve did what you did to me to you a few times“ that shit hit me on every level 😪
How I like to chill        🍆🍆
bro. That’s why we have this emoji 👺 shook. We must all now use this emoji to represent a strap. We shall mark this day down…
Every thing I did for you, I did out of love. Don’t ever think you finessed me. ☝🏾
army, follow who retweet this 🔥
Never let your left hand know what your right hand is doing . Move in silence. 🤫
Well I think you're thinking of the end result, if I'm not mistaken 🤔 Yup!! 😉😂👌🏽
Never let your left hand know what your right hand is doing . Move in silence. 🤫
🐻🐻🐻family😊
Apple Music still says OFF. I checked it.. 🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽🖐🏽
oh my gosh I literally have no old photos😣 that's so cute 💕
LETS GIVE SOME SUPPORT 🔥🏆 KEEP VOTING ARMYs 🙏🏻 →  +  (
I love 😍
We've been waiting for 3 years for this and it's finally happening 😁
⚠️MARTE JERSEY GIVEAWAY⚠️We will GIVEAWAY an autographed STARLING MARTE jersey if we hit 8,500 followers by NEXT SUNDAY!…
Stolen from my bae ❤️
I cry every time I see one of his videos because I never got to meet him 😢
⚠️‼️ARMYs, we are currently behind in MTV LATIN AMERICA‼️⚠️ 🔐Let’s unlock these as soon as possible 🗳899 RT 🗳229 Replie…
I hear they’re going to have a debt Jubilee, so I guess there’s going to be a barbecue. 😉
my braces cute ig 😂
If you have to tell people how powerful you are, then you have nothing 🤭 Papa Pope is on 🔥
We are proud to be part of the Pittsburgh-Danish Energy Exchange 🇩🇰🇺🇸 This collaboration seeks to research, develop and i…
The only way to use this word, imo 😅
Maybe because she’s doing homework🤔
The maze runner 3 💙
Blue Wedge  Click here 👉
If you have to tell people how powerful you are, then you have nothing 🤭 Papa Pope is on 🔥
“bust it baby” &amp; “shawty” by Plies will forever be my songs 🙃
I only get cute by choice ! I be looking like a lil bum majority of the time 🤭
I just told Tina this. He definitely wasn’t ever sad and Ik he don’t want us sad ❤️
this is so heart breaking!!! 💔💔💔😭
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately 😂😂
😍😍 shop
10 months down today wit my babygirl 😋🍯💖
Meet on 📣The Thank You Tour!! Saturday June 2,2018 for a PRAISE 🙌🏾PARTY💃🏽 * Tickets on Sale Now https…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life ❤️ https://t.…
5k RETWEETS to drop this banger🗜🤘🏿🐿 Cc
most people: thank GOD the world didn’t end 😰 i was scared shitless! me: wow i didn’t do my homework because of this sh…
MOOD 😍❤
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
I Luh You More Cutie 😘❤
My Twin &amp; My Lover 🤞🏽💍
Lol I want to watch you guys talk about movie pas but ummmmm 😂😂😂😂
You won't believe what Obama says in this video 😉
😂😂I be forgetting
I Luh You More Cutie 😘❤
Love it..💟💟💟
Need moves this weekend NIU ⁉️CAB and BSU got you covered ‼️Friday is CAB super smash green bash (it’s a carnival) and Sa…
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion 😂
🆘 URGENT TO BE KILLED 19TH APRIL 2018 🆘 I'm Mr Mo 24611. I am a male gray cat at the Manhattan Animal Care Center. I am about…
🙏Thank you for withdrawing your endorsement of GOP state senate candidate Julie Killian, who attacked
i need to start saving my money 🤦🏽‍♀️
my room is never actually "dirty" it's just CLOTHES 😩😭
Cheeii, God has blessed me more than I asked for in the first place 🙏 hello family hope u are having a great week so fa…
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
Nah you just emotionally abuse them and treat them like shit ... ☺️
After more than eight months indoors, these cows in Antrim finally got to venture out 🐄
I want to start boxing 😅😅😅
🙏Thank you for withdrawing your endorsement of GOP state senate candidate Julie Killian, who attacked
" It's a cruel world, We've so much to lose."💔
yeah😂
feel free to slide in🤷🏽‍♀️
I found this thread about a month ago and I couldn’t be happier that I did 😊 I won’t go into a super long thread but I do…
did you take that pic? sweet! we don't have leaves yet and now it's sleeting🙁
She's got bigger balls than he does that's for sure 👏👏👏
My brain already registered con and off 🤷🏽‍♀️
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
Working hard on our progressions!!       🍭
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
It was written big bro! ✍🏾 preciate you
Expectation vs. Reality 🙃💇🏻
I CANT BREATHE 😂😂
All that love for Elliot after game two now they are pulling him 😂😂😂
Good reply you’ve got me there Oscar Wilde😌
🏀 RT &amp; FOLLOW If gets a TRIPLE DOUBLE, one of you are getting a 🔥HARDEN JERSEY🔥🔥🔥 WIN $1,000,000…
I'm how they tweeted out they're  on Amazon yet never bothered to tweet out the damn link🗿
did you take that pic? sweet! we don't have leaves yet and now it's sleeting🙁
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMGGGGG!!! FINALLY!!!  AND  TOGETHER!!! 😭😭😭
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
EXO-CBX is No.1 in Synnara Chart and officially sold out! Another record. Congrats king sub - unit 🎊🧡 🌟 # 1 WW iTunes…
it’s really about the narrative ain’t it?!👌 understanding the content’s context provides the story and connects the…
You can say I’m greedy, cause I always want more😘
I'll give you my number, when you text me, I block you😂
Snitching health watch!!!!😁
Bitches be acting so hurt whole time be cheating too 😢😂😂😂😂
My caption vs my boyfriend’s caption🙃
These pants undefeated 🤗💕 peep my haters in the back 😂🤷🏽‍♀️
Lol holmes said “I’m a professional pooter, you can’t out poot me bro” 😂
Damn you ain’t have to put her out there like that😭
let my man do some shit like this 🤤, we going home right then and there. 💀
⏬ watch ⏬
Yo! Sorry I haven’t updated about today’s stream! It’s my dad’s Bday today, so I’ve been hanging with him! 😃 Stream…
I honestly just want to cry right now. 😢
This Dani 😂😂😂
Calling learners around the 🌎🌍🌏 The world needs YOUR voice! 📣 May 9, 2018 on 🚀
Craving subway 😢
Even Newsweek didn’t try to spin this miserable piece of 💩
Who got Venmo?😏 favorite and I’ll dm you💵😉
Zayn at Gigi's apartment in New York today. 📷: Getty
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
love &gt; distance 💙💜
Everybody was like “ I wonder if he know that’s a nigga or not “ guess not 💀
Tan lindos💕 (i need this work)
My copy of  by arrived today and I am beyond excited to read it.🌻🙏🏼🧘🏼‍♂️…
We got top shelf strains 🔥🔥🔥and top grade products☘🍀🌿🍃 given for awesome ⛽…
Honestly. Truly. 😭😭
Makes you think 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Yes we are the naggy moms who are gonna remind you to do the daily votings. But you know we love you gals/guys right 😘😘…
☑ ARMYs votar en ⬇ ⬇ ⬇ ⬇
I keep something for my lips somewhere close to me no matter what, I don’t play that dry lip stuff lmao😩
My aesthetic: watching the food network and writing my stats final paper 👌🏻
u make me sOoOoOo happy 😔
Thank u to everybody that came through and showed love 🙏🙏 shout out to for holdin us…
man idgaf , i be ft malia knowing she laying right in the bed with david . he be hearing EVERYTHING 🤣
👈 Use this hashtag to vote for Dylan!!!!
This whole thread has me deceased but amen to self care🙏🙏
Retweet if you followback 💯💋💯
📢ARMY!📢 🌟Vote for to win the Kpop Explosion and Fandom of the year categories on the  Brazil 20…
HAHAH I kno ugh I really thought it was gonna happen 😪
Fine’2 😍
OMG YSY!! ONG IS GONNA MEET HIM?! YES PLZ BECAUSE YSY YOU CAN RECOMMEND ONG TO 2D1N PD 😂😂 That aside but another moment of On…
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! 🐶🏃
Kim Jong In January 14, 1994 Suncheon, South Korea 🇰🇷
Been in it since college 😂
would you rather be stuck on a island with yixing or jackson? 👀
This is super cool 🤯🤯🤯🤯, how long did they practice ???
Her pussy whack 😂😂
This is super cool 🤯🤯🤯🤯, how long did they practice ???
rt for good luck 🤪
💓 you’ve taught me that we are all queens, we are capable of anything we put our mind to and mental illness doe…
Whenever my cousin FTs me she screams “kuya” as loud as she can 😂
TONIGHT: at  Got your tickets? Arrive early and enjoy. 🚪open: 7:00pm Special guest
LA sun is the best sun ☀️🌞
wasn't lying when she said "For the record, I set records" in one of her latest hits,  🎤 After the recent releas…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Found an old story synopsis/summary from when I was around 18/19, can’t believe I wrote something so corny-sounding 🌽. M…
😂 this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
Safe to say I love Stormi Webster as much as my own kids. Her smile just melts my 💕, just wait till her teefers come in 😍.
Ion like seein my niggas streesed bout no female 🤦🏽‍♂️ Even tho i be stressed myself 😂‼️
Together💕  created using the April Creative Kit from featuring
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
How life is currently going 😂😂😂
As I’m taking these nudes I realize that I need a breast lift or smaller titties😩
oh hey 💛
happy birthday to blackpink lisa's mom! 🎉💞 thank you for giving birth to a kind, warm hearted &amp; beautiful daughter like…
I’m dead over here. 😂
So today was signing day 😬
Kendrix!
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
Thank you. Needed to see this today. 😊
On God😂😂
I’m dead over here. 😂
[INFO]  has already reached 1,000,000 views on YouTube! 🎉 NCTzens please continue streaming! 💚 https://t…
{\__/} ( • w •) sending love to my friends / &gt;💞&lt; {\__/} ( • w •) 💞 💘 / &gt; &gt; 💖 💚 🧡 💜…
Falling for him wasn’t falling at all. It was walking into a house and suddenly knowing you’re home 🖤
I followed my dad around with a confetti cannon for a couple weeks... 😂😂😂
Here we go!! Tomorrow night is the beginning of the live shows! Get ready to vote for my 🤠. Download app an…
If yo ass fat , I’m gon look. End of story 🤷🏽‍♀️
⚖️ Kobach in Contempt Of Court ‼️People were supposed to be notified by order of Judge. 📝 Kobach did not notify the…
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 🌳
u ever just ❤️♥️🌸🌺💞💕🌺❤️💗❤️💖🌺💕🌹♥️💞♥️🌸💕💖❤️💗🌸💕🌺💕♥️♥️💕💕🌺🌺💖❤️💗❤️💕🌺💕♥️💖💕🌹♥️🌹💕💖🌸❤️🌸💕💗🌸🌸💗💖🌸💗
Dost 😁💚
Your not much better😀😀😀
they are testing us💀
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this 🌳
summer clothes most def finna be lit 😍😍
What if I just left right now and never came back 😈
Twitter do your thing 💪🏽
Thoughts and prayers with the Popovich family 🙏
i love this sweatshirt so much :,) 🤗💄💙🧡
More NUPES♦️ 4.23.18 Pull Up
Dost 😁💚
Imagine: You laying flat with yo back arched &amp; 🍑 tooted up taking backshots🍆 while he holding both of your arms with one han…
LIT The Series Trouble is Near 😈💥 Season 2 Spring 2018 Directed By Produced By
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! 🤣 mess! 😂
Playoff P is still 🔥🔥
“I dont need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick” bit homo but still 💉🔥
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! 🤣 mess! 😂
LIVE NOW: is launching into space to search for new planets. 🚀→  …
Smoke sesh and sleepover after work 😍💨
BEING a wife to your "boyfriend" doesn't guarantee marriage!!‍♂️
You can NOT get to know a woman by asking “wyd” all damn day 😒🤦🏾‍♂️
😇 check this out—if i follow you, you get this below(bragging rights, make friends envy u) This not hard. …
Charlie Wilson just came on... and I said "Mr. Fleming" 😩 he use to play that every morning breakfast time @ Hillho…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
I hate that my nail place is right by Freddy’s 😩😂
Howard’s End! 😆😆😆😆
These ppl are truly F-ed up!!😒
Howard’s End! 😆😆😆😆
JUNGKOOK JUST IMITATED NARUTO I CANT BREATHE, HE IS SO EXTRA AND ADORABLE BABY ©123095tete
ARMY, please keep streaming “Don’t Leave Me” on Spotify!💪💜 🌟Premium or PC user ➡️stream the song on repeat 🔂…
A lonely place where people realize the real peace of life..!! Waterfall 👌👌👌
Best skin of all time. Maybe I can cop😔😔
Oh yes 😂😂
😩 b*ch I BEEN North
A listening ear is also a running mouth 🗣‼️
You don't need to be sorry! 😂🙈.
somebody said the “the grudge” boy looks like jisung 💀
Niggas b too thirsty 4 me. 😕 that’s not attractive.
Meek money 😍😍🤪🤤
TWICE Jihyo literally run to give Stray Kids mic to sing!!! 😭 We love leader and sister with pretty face and pretty! 😍…
The Korver Kounter is out in full force! 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game 🔥🔥🔥
Showing lots of love for ahead of  Game 2. 📝
Thank u sm, ppl like u make me feel safer ♥️
TWICE(트와이스) "What is Love?" M/V 50,000,000 VIEWS ❤ ONCE is Love❤ Thank You
This literally makes my heart so happy 💕💕💕💕
I can tell you why people go insane 🎧
When EXOLs were mentioned and the boys smiled so big 😃😍 You can see the love and adoration they have for us 😭😭
💜follow👉 👈💜
Retweet if you followback 💯💋💯
Add my BACKUP page I just created ——-&gt; 👅💗🍯 FOLLOW ASAP for some nudes
me to the all the sundresses I'm going to parade around in this summer 😎
TOO SOON. 😭
💯already know sep coming fast asl
A fantastic day at the office for Marin Cilic. ✅ Into R3  ✅ 🎉 win No. 450 ▶️
Porsha is my gurl 😭😭
really enjoying these videos that is sending me of her jamming out 😂💓
Preparations are in full swing 🇺🇸✊🏻
I always felt insecure and hated the way I looked...😒 When I discovered this that all changed FAST! ☺️🔥 My discovery went…
needing to do it anyway so you can perfect your art and the packaging for it ? priceless 😥
LETS GO PRYOR!!   🎤
man im still crying at this 💀
Hammock jamz 🤙🏼💕 (sorry for the double post) • • • • •
All praise to the most high bless up🙏🏽
When your boss save your life by bring corn bread and chili 🙏🏼😁
No matter what’s going on, stay 10 toes👣🤭
All praise to the most high bless up🙏🏽
What anime are you watching this season?? Tell me your favorites 😬
Preparations are in full swing 🇺🇸✊🏻
I thought u were a good driver =] 🖖
our queen of english 😂
I thought u were a good driver =] 🖖
Former 🦉 Kendrick Ray is getting interest from at least 6 NBA teams due to his epic rookie season! 🔥🔥🔥 …
wish i had someone i could cake on ft with constantly besides brenda 😂
I live through you 🍺🍺🍺🍺
Kobe Bryant once scored 63 points when he was 8 years old 👀🐐
Pakistan’s great wall against Al-Qaeda 👇🏼
😭😭he said he ate noodles frm the toilet
This is why I don’t reply to people on Facebook. Y’all listen to this 😂🤦🏾‍♀️
it just feels right ya know?🤷🏼‍♀️
fresh ah 😂👍🏻
Don’t hmu if we gone have a convo like this 😂😂
who care about me except my family and who want to listen my story 😴
Baekhyun went live and I'm so grateful I could catch it !😭He is the most sincere and loving person I've ever seen and I'm…
Oreo Donuts 😳
I can’t handle this 😂😂😂
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. 👌🏾
You’re not worthless!! You’re an amazing ass person !🤗 I miss you!
I’m almost positive I was one of the first people calling shorty  and even if I wasn’t it feels like I am so ... credit taken 😂💯
I was riding for these niggas before they rode for themselves 💯
Multiple artists showing respect for Eminem 🐐
😭😭😭😭 it's even worse when you're drunk
THE ASTHMA PUMP THOOOO😂😂😂😭😭😭.
give this some love 🅱️oys i’m feeling ugly lol
Shame on for calling Police 😂
Greg Popovich’s wife passed away today 😔 Prayers up for Greg and his family 🙏
Make it happen. Shock everyone! 🎓
Indian sam had good fuck with one of his GF 👉 👈 carmen gemini anal www sexy wab video w…
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight 🙃
No cigarettes 🙅🏽‍♀️
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. 🇵🇷 🇺🇸
This year has been so busy for me and I kind of like it and kind of hate it but you know, at least it is something. 🤷🏻‍♂️
give this some love 🅱️oys i’m feeling ugly lol
Everyone wanted him dead 😈
Something you and I have not seen before.. Make sure you share 🙅🙌🙌🔥
I love the song by Chris Brown - Freaky Friday, please please play it!!!!🙃
Mum... I love him! 😭❤️ cr. BestOfMe_0912
Venice, Italy 🇮🇹
“That scent is so bad. You can’t go outside. You can’t go outside and cook anything because the flies take over.” 😔 http…
This why they hating 🤷🏽‍♀️ natural mama 👑
What is it like to volunteer with 🤔 🚒 Find out from Bryan Eisen, one of their many valued volunt…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
I only have my laptop for now 😭
💄 The Most Popular Dating Site 💋 Free online sex dating 🔥 🔥 🔥 https://…
😍Follow me and everyone who retweet this.
Thank you I Love you babygirl💓😚
CORY CONACHER!!!! 🚨
Guys, I have heard becoming a parent helps 😂
I’ll take the cat. 😭
📹: little_milo_munchkin
Way too much like calm down sis cause you was just feeling all up on Hakeem and stuff backstage so....🛑✋🏽🤦🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️
Homeland is cancelled?! I just started it 😳😩
Creed was so underrated 😂
💧🦋raingurl🦋💧
I’ll take the cat. 😭
Follow everyone who likes this😁
I love my Honda but I kinda wish I'd gotten a newer model Maxima now 😩🤤
I would love to read the headlines on this if his gun go off...🤔
Mommy getting stuffed with dick RN 😬🕺🏾 *listen to end
great acting in your  music video 👌
Click the Taco Bell button 🔔 or another Taco Bell closes in Canada 🌮
Talk about Tee-ing off! today: 4 hits, 4 RBI, 2 runs Oh, we have a 9-4 lead. 😉
I need my girlfriend so bad r'n 😭 just to hug n squeeze the t'f out her💕
His beautiful long legs 😍
Get through the week &amp; tune into the  on ⏩ ft. music 24/7 from our friends
Lmaooo Paige 😂
SASSY VIDEO OUT NOW 💅🏾💍
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... 🤷🏽‍♀️
Told people waaaay back I would make something out of myself 🐲
happy bday can’t wait to see you in may 💓💓
Ong going to the jungle when he's scared of bugs... my dear boy.... good luck? 😂😂😂
[📹] Photobook de Dispatch x via.: BTS_InSpain2018
the only upgrade that matters ✌
Oh my oh my 🙊
First win 🤷🏽‍♂️
SORRY FOR THE WAIT.✨
Back flip burpees CAUTION : 💥💥NOT FOR THE NORMAL💥💥 This is how I decided to finish out my…
This is 2nd time falling asleep on our Applebee’s date 😒
Follow everyone who Retweets and Likes this &amp;reply"ifb" to Gain more Followers fast!🏄 ❤ And
you're so fvcking precious when you 💖💞💝💗💖💕💕💘💟💓💝💖 💝 give L…
here’s my shooting range 😴
Respect for PAC ❤️
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party😭
cnn only talks about Peeing on people. Keep up the good work Dan Bongino. 🙏🙏🇺🇸🇺🇸
Or he/she fell on the train tracks 😭😭😭
You are absolutely right babes😔 force the change I say. Too many girls been patient enough! 2024? I got…
New hat 📹: cattery_greycat
Uh oh 🤔🤔 watch out for
Happy Birthday to 🎉
Daughter's hockey practice 🏒 means time to make a few more  for 🍦 https:/…
OneDay we will be just Don't give up and keep going 🔝💪💪
Tomorrow, April 19th, I’m declaring a 🚨RED Alert🚨 ALL DAY as we  the as your look…
Miss those days 😭 or when you’d fall asleep in the car and get carried to your bed 😍
Update: Troy said yes to us getting a kitten. ☺️
Star of excellence for everyone🌟.
i hate the word no.... like what the fuck is a no😐
Papi f•u•c•k•e•d Mami 🌹😍 I got served with some juicy, hard, wet and throbbing D🍆 tonight. Don’t miss it exclusively on my…
FUCK YEAH FINALLY!!!🙏🏻🤞🏻🔥💨
Bts - Park Jimin 🕺🤓
Everyday I’m paper chasing 🗣
Why has my hair gone all out, impromptu Farrah Fawcett on me;? AT THIS TIME⌚😤🤯!
Happy Birthday, Tomato Princess!! 🍅👑🌹
I’ll be in SJC in one week.  ✌🏽
Joyaaa 😎
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro 🎼
Goodnight😎🌼🌷🌿
A little late on my end but as promised here you guys go! 🎁 ASUS ROG Swift Gaming Monitor Giveaway 🤗 Tag Your Friends 💞 Retwee…
📷 suicidesquads: I definitely related to her her power and purpose. Okoye was very purposed and I think...
BREAKING NEWS‼️‼️: I am super soft and cry a lot so please don’t yell at me i’ll think about it for 13 years (talking to…
🌟Get this tweet to 399 replies!🌟 ➡We are running behind in this category!⚠👇
Yeesssss booooo💕💕💕
‼️ HELLO EVERYONE ‼️ Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
wish i could retweet this 😂😂
yall ct 😏 hmu for the addyyyy 🤪
Soooo I want some guidance from my upper classman . Who’s willing to be a guide ? ☺️
Retweet or 7 years bad luck 😂
People logged in to say goodbye and destroy Tilted Towers before the meteor could. 🙏  (h/t
Happy Birthday, Tomato Princess!! 🍅👑🌹
I NOW HAVE AN ONLINE SHOP! RT to support. I love you all forever. Thank you so much for the love.💫
they😟
⏬ watch ⏬
Fuck it lil 5 🤗
Brought the short hair back. | ✂️ |
If it’s FREE you know it’s for meeeeee!!! Come out next Saturday and kick it with us 😍 https://…
FB Healthy is a Trend update 📹   &gt;&gt;
The softball team won tonight against Mt. Gilead 21-3. hit 2 home runs and Alyssa Perkins hit 1! Way to go ladies 😜😏
Happy birthday to Celebrate his greatest roles with this photo retrospective! What's your favorite? ➡️ https://t…
🦋 look I found the blue butterfly that went missing
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful 😍 These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
💥YOU GO GIRL 👏👏👏 Bringin' the heat 👊👊👊👊
✌🏽IS IT JUST ME...It appears there will be NO sleeping.🖕🏽
JessicaJung by rrong2 🐭💘
shares adorable videos of Stormi.😍
📸 VIXX teams up with DAZED magazine in latest pictorial~!
JessicaJung by rrong2 🐭💘
😭😭😭 there was shit on the floor i started crying
Lmfaooooojsjsjs not today I won’t with y’all 😩
Alejandra_Tica 10 ❤️s! Your tweet has been liked by 10 people.
aaaand that's all folks !! ✨ thank you all so much for participating in the event. it was a blast!! next time, we'll be more o…
⚠ MTV LATIN AMERICA ⚠ est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ 🚨 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Wednesdays.. 🍬
Just listed! Open Sunday 1-4pm. 2204 Elkesworth Place, El Dorado Hills $799,000, 4Bed3Bath, 3,111 ft. 🤩  …
Sally 04 👉 👈 sally bollywood porn movie
Can someone care about me? That's all I want😢
Nigga fuckaround &amp; confess 😂😂😩
This dood is 🦇 💩 crazy.
Get some DAMN HELP this man looking like he going to collapse carrying this team 😐
brennan and warren 🤷🏽‍♀️👀
Same 🙏
Sally 04 👉 👈 sally bollywood porn movie
I’m finally reading  and I kinda regret putting it off for this long... 260 pages in and still not a Chaol fan 🤷🏻‍♀️
We can do this, ARMYs! 🙏
people who said jin can't sing foun--- not found at all 😉 cr. owner
I need to wake them up🤧
I only get cute by choice ! I be looking like a lil bum majority of the time 🤭
Much love 😍😩🔥
Last flight of the day, I hope everybody falls asleep, because beverage service is not on my agenda 😩
Thank you 😊
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME 😭😂😭😂😭😂😭 http…
🎈i find big balloons over my head, sorey, what it is.that you wanna tell me?
Actually, I am “hypomanicking” nga. 😂😂😂 Antayin nyo ang depressed mood ko in two weeks 😳😳😳 😭😭😭😭