WendyWilliams aka MR. Williams better leave the Clark Sisters alone. (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
SPLENDID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (raising handsclapping handsvictory hand)
Lov it!!!!! (thumbs upthumbs upthumbs upthumbs upthumbs up)
I hate when people prank call me but don’t say shit. Like helloooooo fuck with me at least (face with tears of joy)
jin honestly gives the best advice and encouragement (frowning face) bts are so lucky to have someone like him as their hyung https:…
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
RT: (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
After like about a month I finally had a pupusa (smiling face)
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year (trophyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkles) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
prom is not that serious (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) y’all gotta chill bruh
A L W A Y S (red heart)
 (ribbon) HAPPY EVER AFTER (ribbon) Japan tour start!!!! (red heart) (purple heart)
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day (face with tears of joy)
She under estimated fans and especially Blk (enraged face). Silenced is what she deserved. We'll ta…
imagine seeing bts performing let go live with your own two eyeballs (copyright) 12v30th
said NOPE! (prohibited)
Omegaaaaaattt (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
A L W A Y S (red heart)
 (warning) (double exclamation mark)ARMYs, we are currently behind in MTV LATIN AMERICA (double exclamation mark) (warning) (locked with key)Let’s unlock these as soon as possible (ballot box with ballot)500 RT (ballot box with ballot)300 Replie…
the incident (waning crescent moonkitchen knife)
Happy Birthday You are a total QUEEN! (crownfire)
“Wassup blood” (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Happy Birthday You are a total QUEEN! (crownfire)
I been NORTH (up arrow) [up] Lara been Croft Plates say Drop da Benz off
WHO DID THIS (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I liked a video THE BEST VIRAL VIDEO COMPILATION OF 2018 (smiling face with sunglassesgrinning facesmiling face with heart-eyes) FUNNY &amp; AMAZING VIDEOS
Color Coordination (white circle) (red circleblue circle)
FAM RT for a chance to win 2 GA tickets to (speaker high volume) Must follow (speaker high volume) Ends 5/…
50 LIKES &amp; I’ll drop the full song! SLIDE (fast-forward buttonfast-forward buttonfast-forward button)
I’m so confused. Does Kaela really think she’s playing everyone and keeping Johnny is her plan? (face with tears of joy) cuz this is too much
 (face with tears of joy) Very cool!
Thanks lovely (face blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s latest Instagram post are too much (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I love me a bitch everybody don’t like. (face with tears of joyperson shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
:United_States: You’re doing it wrong. :Spain: Lo estas haciendo mal. :Germany: du liegst falsch. :Mexico: No si pa’ pendejo no se estudia.
I think I just woke my neighbour laughing at this thread. Postman Patrick and his black and white cat (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) …
also my professor is a male soooo let’s see how this all plays out (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s latest Instagram post are too much (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Hi Seattle, you’re cute! (growing heart)
Red Carpet (check mark) Official Press Conference (check mark) Opening of is June 28th! (camera with flash): Donald B. Kravitz
He spoke nothing but the truth (face with hand over mouthface with hand over mouth)
Take it away, Brandon. Day 73. (zany face)
SOS Condoms, Durex is not here to play This ad funny (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
He really squared up with the cop (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Follow everyone who Retweets this (trophy)
Pure magic from (sparkles)
AHGASE....LETS KEEP TWEETING WE CAN DO THIS!! (green heart) (as for 7:20AMKST) 1. B : 61.8k 2. :26.7k (police car lightpolice car light)
Follow everyone who Retweets this (trophy)
I could think about 1 situation for days that shit bad (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
Flip it like a waffle (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone)
craving some aguachilles rn (weary face)
 (tiger face): my name is Tae... Armys: ...TAE! aw this is so cute, i love when Taehyung wants us to call him TaeTae, he's so adorab…
From "Fat Rob" to "Fit Rob", Kelley kicking off 2018 by doing whatever he can to be better (down arrow)
When say I wanna call ya mom phone and tell her she raised A LIL BITCHHH!!! (anguished face) I FEEL it! (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
mmmmm luv the buttholes (drooling facedrooling face)
I heard you blasting his music when you was riding through segar street (grinning face with sweat)
Grab my and don't let go! (peacheyes)
I heard you blasting his music when you was riding through segar street (grinning face with sweat)
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
You know I’m gone have something (face with tears of joy) but keep me updated. I’m in the gym lol
if this isn’t what you call love, then i don’t know what will (green heartcrying facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
Nice Tweet
INCIARTE (right arrow) ALBIES (right arrow) FREEMAN Hey. We got next. |
an for a chance to 100,000 ZDR tokens 1. Follow 2. Click here (backhand index pointing right) 3. Click the g…
Y’all have no choice but to get married (face with tears of joy)
How are you so pretty? It’s unreal (smiling face with heart-eyes) — Ah thank you that’s so sweet &gt;u&lt;
Nice sister you got there lending u some pearl white air forces (person tipping hand) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
From "Fat Rob" to "Fit Rob", Kelley kicking off 2018 by doing whatever he can to be better (down arrow)
cook your brown rice longer !! (face with rolling eyes) Or LOWER THE DAMN PRICES
I’m really gon read the whole thing too (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)how old is she bc she tf stressed
I can’t stand a person who feels the need to go to social media with everything (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
When bae takes you out for ice cream (soft ice creamsmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Taraji is all booed up with her man and we are 100% here for it. She recently posted a video of him kissin' up on her (eyes) Ch…
3 months and countiiing (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself- (sparklesblack heart)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
need a prom date (sneezing face)
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this (loudly crying face) …
Got called a rat just now cause im from out east (sleepy face)
army, rt this to gain bts stan mutuals and follow everyone who rts (rose)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
 (basketball) RT &amp; FOLLOW If gets a TRIPLE DOUBLE, one of you are getting a (fire)HARDEN JERSEY (firefirefire) WIN $1,000,000…
Lying To You (Satin Jackets Mix) by GOLDROOM • Listen (headphone)
“Boop (upside-down face)” -Vasy
Get my dog eye surgery (dog face)
Keep streaming DNA fam!! A little more push and we'll achieve 350M VIEWS (firefire) DNA (down arrowdown arrow) [
thank you for my new lockscreen (beating heart)
I mean, I’d even cut my hair and change my name (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (face with tears of joy)
 (last quarter moon face)VECTOR ART TIME FOR THE MOON NIGHT WALLPAPERS (first quarter moon face) (new moon face)[White / Black / Navy Blue / Indigo] (full moon face)
Thank you (hundred points)
 (balloonconfused face)WE ARE ALL LIVING IN A BUBBLE UNTIL SOMEONE POPS IT AND MEKES US SEE REALITY (confused faceballoon)
 (last quarter moon face)VECTOR ART TIME FOR THE MOON NIGHT WALLPAPERS (first quarter moon face) (new moon face)[White / Black / Navy Blue / Indigo] (full moon face)
nct's renjun (grinning cat with smiling eyes)
Ian holding bacc either (hundred points)
 (police car light)EVENT ALERT (police car light) Kids' Karaoke Night on May 11th. It's free, but we'll be collecting donations if you're…
Myyy babbyyy. Youre so cuteee. I loveee you (growing heartgrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
 (video camera): chowpuppies
me baiting my crushes w nudes (kissing face with closed eyes)
Thank you lovely!! You are too (beating heartbeating heartbeating heartsmiling face with smiling eyes)
Y’all (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)my friend sent me this from last night. Every time I drink I be trying to argue with EVERYONE (weary faceweary face) …
hmm, anything spicy (hot pepper)
On god (face with tears of joy)
He Pregnant Too Duh (face with tears of joy)
Before &amp; After. 3 Months (sparklessparklessparkles) Using Our Beard Oil 2x Daily, Balm Once Daily, Wash 2-3x Weekly.…
Before &amp; After. 3 Months (sparklessparklessparkles) Using Our Beard Oil 2x Daily, Balm Once Daily, Wash 2-3x Weekly.…
niggas don’t be nun but embarrassments (face with rolling eyes)
I just wannaaaa knooowww who be saying you look 12 tho? (thinking face)
Then why did you announce on tv that it was due to the "Russia thing"? You must have been lying again (smirking face)
Life is so good rn (smiling face)
Beyoncé's dancers before hitting the stage. (growing heart)
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
Never underestimate the power of a scarf. (flushed face)
[FOTO (camera)]180418 JAPAN OFFICIAL (right arrow) FANMEETING Vol.4 'Happy Ever After' en Tokyo -SUGA- &gt;&gt;AgustD Cr.
 (catcat)Good morning (catcat)
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
my votes for tonight’s 04/18 (orange heartyellow heart) | (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyesmicrophonevictory hand) (medium skin tonespeaker high volumelevel slidermusical scorecrossed fingers) (medium skin tone) (face blowing a kisswinking faceheart exclamation) (folded hands) (medium skin tonefire)…
Happy Birthday bro Keep it wacky and wild. Best wishes! (beaming face with smiling eyes)
They look great!! (smiling face with heart-eyes)
i really dgaf who you is (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) watch how you talk to me (speaking head)
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” (loudly crying faceskull)
How beautiful (red heartdog face)
Famous Dex explains the time he got CATFISHED in Hollywood (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
can school be done already? (face with rolling eyes)
Follow everyone who likes this (cat face)
When is the music video coming Queen? (tired faceraising hands) (medium skin tone)
 (camera) lit-bxby: x
street party (clinking beer mugs)
 (fast down button)Date with local hotties at (down arrow) (smiling face with sunglassessmiling face with sunglasseshot springssparkling heart) porn Gay sex Live xxx Bare Asa nsfw callgirl video camel How…
I just can’t wait for June (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself- (sparklesblack heart)
rt for a screen recording of me quoting a vine that reminds me of you (zany facezany face)
That’s the real ~magic~ (crystal ball)
My DM’s open .. shoot ya shot (eyes)
Sometimes love just isn't enough (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) ...
hmm um “i need to get this album for school they require for me to have one since we support bts” idk (pensive face)
What is alcohol poisoning? (down arrow)
just a not-so-friendly reminder (sparkles)
New Jurassic World trailer (T-Rex)
PLEASE RETWEET!!!! this would mean so much to me thank you (two heartsrevolving heartsgrowing heartsparkling heart)
rt this to gain bts stan mutuals, follow everyone who retweets this and make sure to follow back (sunflower)
Cause nobody in that mf could teach (face with tears of joy)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
LeBron scores Cleveland’s first 16 points en route to a 20 point first quarter (crown)
LeBron James to all his haters right now. (face with tears of joy)
This video will always be funny “my Busch light is gone” (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (backhand index pointing up) (medium-dark skin tone)Buy/Lease Link In Bio (backhand index pointing up) (medium-dark skin tone) Subscribe &amp; Like on YouTube and SoundCloud Link in Bio (backhand index pointing up) (medium-dark skin tone)…
This happened to me on Monday (expressionless face)
I don’t care how the are doing, listening to Gary, Keith &amp; Ron is my favorite. But hey let’s get that W (face with tears of joy)
LeBron James to all his haters right now. (face with tears of joy)
Since she has so much money, can she PLEASEEEE fix her hair color ? (face with tears of joy)
I will always choose you (heart exclamation)
He spoke nothing but the truth (face with hand over mouthface with hand over mouth)
 (trophy) MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS (trophy) BEST DANCE COVER: → + (
go JAY (sparkling heart) sitting by you in discussion and happy to see this (sparkles)
Think he is dropping it this weekend (firefire)
Extremely proud of for making the UT Austin Pom Squad (orange heart)! You deserve this Ashley!
You are truly a gift from god (heart suit) (heart suit) (heart suit)
BBQ season has officially began for me (smiling face with sunglassesbeaming face with smiling eyesoncoming fist) (light skin tone)
That shit be making you tear tf up once they ask you (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
When your hair ain’t done , anything you put on don’t look right to you (face with tears of joyperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (clapper boardclapper board) (movie cameramovie cameramovie camera) (play button) (play button) (play button)Banging the Babysitter
What if there's an anime about art movements and styles as humans? (face with tears of joy) (Parody- I tried to draw some of them hehe) Good Morning…
ㅤ Dear Mom and Dad , because of you I am what I am today, thank you, I love you. (kissing face with smiling eyes) ㅤ
So today was very productive and eye opening glad to spend it with both my one and only and lil bro (hundred pointsface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Party ros PC (face with tears of joy)
FILTHY. LeBron dropped 29 points, 8 rebounds and 4 assists in the first half. (movie camera)
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
ya boi is coming home (loudly crying face)
I believe it 110% :United_States:
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me (rolling on the floor laughing)
Im so craving for cornsilog (anguished facecrying face)
ㅤ Dear Mom and Dad , because of you I am what I am today, thank you, I love you. (kissing face with smiling eyes) ㅤ
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me (rolling on the floor laughing)
NO BITCH never disrespected me in person, so I give 0 fucks what a bitch post on social media. She fooling y’all not me (rolling on the floor laughing)
These photos im editing right now (weary facefire)
142. (black small square) Iconic (Florence Welch) attending Harry's concert:
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
The only acc that matters (smiling face with heart-eyes)
yeahh your right (face with rolling eyes)
We can’t wait to see boo (relieved facepurple heart)
Jus learned how to tie (A button (blood type)) tie (necktie) , Yayyy (circled M)e (red exclamation mark) (beaming face with smiling eyesclapping hands) (medium skin toneloudly crying face)
Thoughts and prayers to Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich. (pensive facefolded hands)
Congratulations to TWICE for winning on MBC Show Champion with "What Is Love?" (smiling face with heart-eyesparty poppertrophy) A song that is truly deserving of the
They call me tchutchukao...someone explain (rolling on the floor laughing)
Idk why but tbz was in my dream last night (face with tears of joy) at first i saw younghoon then i screamed his name and he become shy th…
yeahh your right (face with rolling eyes)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
“Twilight Zone” :Jamaica::Jamaica::Jamaica:
Idk why but tbz was in my dream last night (face with tears of joy) at first i saw younghoon then i screamed his name and he become shy th…
142. (black small square) Iconic (Florence Welch) attending Harry's concert:
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
I finally understood why nobody likes me (upside-down face)I don’t look like all this girls which has exactly the same face, because…
Wow, who wants to be here right now? (raising hands) (light skin tone) This waterfall is the tallest man-made waterfall in the world! The Cascata delle…
Amazing young lady! (clapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) I remember that, learning to ride a bike
She’s red (red heart)
KIIIIIIIIINGS (beating heart)
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” (loudly crying faceskull)
BANANA DREAMS (bananabutterfly)
When you can dance to ANYTHING (fire)
And she look 100x better (cat with tears of joyflexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone)
Thank you! (cowboy hat face)
Are you with us or not? (person shrugging) (dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
I thought it, but CEO said it. (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
All them turnovers (expressionless face) that's a big problem can't nobody handle the ball well for the Cavs
I...... I think you think my boyfriend is a girl. (face with tears of joy)
˚ · ✩ ࿐ ࿔ ₍ (love letter)₎ . . . ⤑ ❝ We can get through it, together. I believe in us, we got this. ❞
And just like that, The Resistance (trade mark) was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
Reallllllly want pizza, but also dont wanna be fat for the rest of my life (loudly crying face)
WTH AKACHU WH0 WHAT WHEN NANI U NEVER MENTIONED IT TO ME???? (eyeseyeseyes)
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
It's effect of saint Rampal ji. (backhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing down)
Ma chimpanzee mini skirt nhy3 it won’t be sexiest. Massa Wo y3 tough (face with tears of joy)
And just like that, The Resistance (trade mark) was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
180415 KCON Convention (heart with arrowheart with arrowheart with arrow)
doggy ft woman on top? heaven (sweat droplets) (2/2)
This ump is (pile of poo)
He funny asl (face with tears of joy)
This ump is (pile of poo)
 (NEW button) ⒶⓅⓇⒾⓁ (no one under eighteen) Claudia Marie BBC At AVN (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Sunset at the beach (desert island) Eyes: palette 35b violate Brows: prec…
Sober date ideas! (sparkles)bowling (sparkles)shoplifting (sparkles)cut off thumbs and switch to other hand/sew on new thumb (sparkles)shit ur pants (sparkles)127 Hour…
jin gave jimin a piggy back ride (black heart)
RT: Conceptual Virtual Tours (houses) (house) (house with garden) (cityscape)
Our Germany dates start tonight! They’re all sold out! (guitar)
Yasssss (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingOK hand) (medium skin tone) for my xtra asss
RT THIS AND IN 5 MINUTES GOOD LUCK WILL COME (folded handsOK handraising hands)
I love Knoxville &amp; all but I can’t wait to be back in gville with my people (red heart)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
Here we go….. (red heart) (man dancingmicrophoneperforming arts)
LeBron scored 13 points before anyone else on either team scored (flushed face)
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. (flexed bicepspurple heart) ‘FACE YOUR…
petition for pm to go on a solo tour (smiling face with halo) RT to sign (yellow heart)
Good morning South Africa (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Release emotional stress NOW (red heart) (red heart)
petition for pm to go on a solo tour (smiling face with halo) RT to sign (yellow heart)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) trust you lmao
ong and jihoon in clavis seeing them like this really change my whole mood im so happy for it (purple heart)
Release emotional stress NOW (red heart) (red heart)
you will do yes yes you will (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
this is comedy (loudly crying face)
Honestly couldn’t be blessed with Anything better (red heart) (red heart)
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night (speaking head) …
[INSTAGRAM COMMENT] tiffanyyoungofficial: hey sunshine (sun)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
I hope one day you’d be able to do the things you wanna do together (red heart) Happy (relieved face)
This my niece (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I just found this on the ig hashtag « » OMGGG I‘M CRYING ITS TOO BEAUTIFUL FOR MY EYES (droplet) …
I know (face with tears of joy) maybe they snuck on a boat
I’m an idiot (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
The ElyXiOn |
They left a place for Yixing (eyesgrowing heart)
zombie gaming (ZZZ)
I just found this on the ig hashtag « » OMGGG I‘M CRYING ITS TOO BEAUTIFUL FOR MY EYES (droplet) …
DEBUT ALBUM JUST WENT PLATINUM No features. 100% produced mixed mastered engineered written by me (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) FANS WE DID IT!!…
'Wonder Woman 2' is shaping up to be amazing (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Take a long hard look at yourselves (enraged face)
What class ;) I wanna join (face with tears of joytwo hearts)
If I can’t be this comfortable around a female, I’ll just stay single forever (sleeping facevictory hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
You just have to pick better next time! I need to interview them (rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy)
DEBUT ALBUM JUST WENT PLATINUM No features. 100% produced mixed mastered engineered written by me (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) FANS WE DID IT!!…
diced pineapples (pineapple)
Do you like Astrology? What’s your Zodiac Sign? (smiling face with smiling eyesgrinning face with big eyesbeaming face with smiling eyessmiling face with halohibiscussnowflake) (fireworksshooting starparty popperribbonAries) (Sagittarius) — virgo
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
 (video camera) Flaunt Magazine featuring Bebe Rexha We directed, shot and edited this short editorial video in NYC...
What if there's an anime about art movements and styles as humans? (face with tears of joy) (Parody- I tried to draw some of them hehe) Good Morning…
7 princes on the stage (face with tears of joyface with tears of joysmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
 (fast down button) watch (fast down button) latex porn doggystyle fingering anal fetish reality ride nurse hospital asstomouth…
When moms try to be slick and see if I’m talking to someone (face with rolling eyes)
Bts from today (sparkling heart)
Please play by Niall Horan? Thank you (heart suit)
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party (loudly crying face)
New hat (video camera): cattery_greycat
Halftime (flushed face)
Happy birthday hope it’s a good one (red heart)
i hate the word no.... like what the fuck is a no (neutral face)
Where’s the fun in that tho? (face with tears of joy)
I saw this at a bus stop in New Cross Gate! (crying face)
8 days until a young prospect becomes a member of the at the 2018 (raising hands)
oh shit (eyesstar-struck)
rest in peace erin (red heart)
 (folded handsfolded hands) (red heart) (red heart) This man in Rio bathes, dresses &amp; then…
Time to smack iran hard and show them a lesson!:United_States:
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there (rolling on the floor laughing)
THE JEANS ARE ALREADY IRONED BOY (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute (face with rolling eyes)
Lmaooo (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) blocboy jb is the best thing to happen to crip rap in some time now
Mate I am Yusra (face with steam from noseface with steam from noseface with steam from nose) so how’s about movveeeeeee
Wednesdays are for you, shawty (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
Please support ARMYs in Latin America (purple heartred heart)! Vote for using the hashtags
SHAME ON YOU MSNBC (face with steam from nose)
Nerf double shotgun? omegaLUL nerf triple shotty (face with tears of joy)
 (speaking head) YUUUUUP!!! RT goes yard for the 10th time this season, and we lead 5-1 (flexed biceps)
CLASSIC: When you thought were about to sign (face with tears of joyperson facepalming)‍ (male sign) (clapping hands)
This thread may just be the future of the internet. (backhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing down)
Happiness and Positivity (sunflower)
Before &amp; After (face blowing a kiss)...
my renegade is officially minnesotan! (blue heart)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
Tomate un redbull (grinning face with sweat)
Ready to pop! (winking face)
The judge found that Kris Kobach: (cross mark) Disobeyed court order by failing to give registered voters consistent information (cross mark) Failed to…
Peace be unto you my brother (folded hands) (medium skin tone) More life and success (bottle with popping corkballoonparty popper) (glowing starglowing starglowing starglowing starglowing star)living
Heart of consideration (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Lmaooo (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) blocboy jb is the best thing to happen to crip rap in some time now
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) …
This Morning i tried my and i can say i really love it. Thank you guys (kiss markrose)
Oh god Bridg (face screaming in fearloudly crying face)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (unicorn)Words of wisdom for my week, that I really needed to hear today. “Don’t let someone else’s opinion define you” from
Y’all it’s just something about baseball players...you ever just watch their form when they bat (drooling facedrooling facedrooling face)
Lol thank u (face blowing a kiss)
Hey guys, I made my first song. I'm really nervous but I'd love some feedback. Thanks gang (sparkling heart)
GUYS! HELP HIM! He deserves to be in the top 12 (red heart) RT THIS NOW
Be that as it may (alien)
In my imagination I am wearing mood color lipstick, top lip is bright fuchsia &amp; bottom lip is jet black WHAT DOES IT ALL MEANNNNN (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
 (rolled-up newspaper)K-media are up and reporting on BTS's LY:Tear pre-sales topping Amazon's bestseller list at …
Dude and make my day so much FUCKING better (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) (sign of the hornsred heartsign of the hornssquinting face with tonguesign of the hornsblue heartsign of the horns)
Watch (heart with arrow) 8Teenboy Twink HD Videos (heart with arrow) on (play button) (reverse button) Euroboys on [
This is why I don’t reply to people on Facebook. Y’all listen to this (face with tears of joyperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
ramirez just broke up with the band (pensive facevictory hand) (medium skin tone)
Thank you God for waking me this morning (smiling face)
Thank you God for waking me this morning (smiling face)
Damn youngins lookin to be internet popular. (face with rolling eyes)
This the mfering world rumble of Chicago public schools (hundred pointsface with tears of joy)
i wish i was inspired to be like me too (slightly frowning face)
I hope this Nigga kno he got a real one (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Nice 1st name spelling! (thumbs upwinking face)
i like how guy friends play scrap each other i want female friends like that cos sometimes i just b in a fighting mood (face with tears of joy)
Yo, I swear my skin makes me so happy. (smiling face with halosmiling face with open hands)
their smile (grinning face with big eyes) their eyes (eyes) their lips (mouth) their hair (person blond hair)‍ (female sign) their laugh (squinting face with tongue) their smirk (smirking face) their humor (OK hand) their weird face (winking face with tongue)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Damn (pensive face)
Coach Matt Wednesday (sparkles)
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Feel so proud and special to be a part of it . Everything about that night was amazing (heart suit)
I’m always down for bookstore dates! Plus I need specific books anyways (smiling face with open hands)
The worst are the people that don’t realize Jesus was a Jewish preacher. (face with rolling eyes)
this job hunting shit is driving me crazy (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
He just wanna come over (face with rolling eyes)
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
American:United_States: guys don’t like orientals
conspiracy theories gmfu (exploding headexploding head)
Ivorians are too wavy (loudly crying face) (water wave) :Côte_d’Ivoire:
So hot (fire) My Devit (red heart)
We asked experts to watch clips of Klaroline’s relationship and weigh in on the couple’s behavior (grimacing face)
Genuine Thermos (registered) Brand - April Earth Day Promotion -
the bus driver is yelling at this poor kid bc he's trying to get on the bus but the front door isn't working (flushed face)
Hearing this new and thinking to myself: " (thinking face) hmmmm, I think the world really needs this kinda energy right…
My 1st beginnings (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone) in case yall didn’t know before I was a solo artist i was in a girl group called SISTA! We were under…
notittryagain 10 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 10 people.
if this is what you are doing (backhand index pointing down) (light skin tone) Idiots
 (nose) (medium skin tonenose) (medium skin tone) good morning .. he wanted to say (waving hand) (medium-light skin tone)
EXO Commemorative Medal (1st place medal) Special Medal - 165,000 won General Medal - 82,500 won Front design - EXO’s face Back design -…
This woman got the sweetest surprise for her 103rd birthday (smiling cat with heart-eyesbirthday cake)
Plot twist. (face with monocleface with monocle)
 (glowing star)Get this tweet to 399 replies! (glowing star) (right arrow)We are running behind in this category! (warningbackhand index pointing down)
Drake letting Kelly Oubre hear it (flushed face)
 (raising hands) (light skin toneraising hands) (light skin toneraising hands) (light skin tone) Nat Geo Wild Renews 'The Incredible Dr. Pol,' 3 Other Shows (Exclusive)
yet another reason why y’all disgust me (face with tears of joy) foolery.
Don’t worry Be happy (smiling face with smiling eyes) (smiling face with smiling eyes)
I wish tf I would ask a nigga to marry me (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy). Issa joke!
RT: Holiday Inn HolidayInn (hotel) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
Y’all one molecule off from being meth heads (skull)
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) …
their smile (grinning face with big eyes) their eyes (eyes) their lips (mouth) their hair (person blond hair)‍ (female sign) their laugh (squinting face with tongue) their smirk (smirking face) their humor (OK hand) their weird face (winking face with tongue)
All this happiness bcs they sais our name woooow (smiling face with heart-eyesface with rolling eyesface without mouth) our nini (bearface blowing a kissface blowing a kisskissing face) https…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Jerry (hundred pointshundred points)
➫ NCT We the Dream Chaser and (SOON arrow)
The best sign to fall in love with is a Pisces (beaming face with smiling eyeshundred points)
How about some free cash to spend however you please? (smiling face with open handssmiling face with sunglasses) Enter our draw for a $50 AMEX Gift card!
Plz Retweet! CRAZY ALIEN INVASION PRANK (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) …
i need it ! (drooling face)
Focused AF (flexed biceps) (medium skin toneflexed biceps) (medium skin toneflexed biceps) (medium skin tone) it's not easy but it is all about freedom and building the future I want.
belongs to the grynders (fork and knife) ・・・ We don’t do Mondays, we are Mondays.…
How about some free cash to spend however you please? (smiling face with open handssmiling face with sunglasses) Enter our draw for a $50 AMEX Gift card!
THE JEANS ARE ALREADY IRONED BOY (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I thought i was the only one (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I love you omg (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Lob me some tuition money (see-no-evil monkey)
Me right now (face with crossed-out eyes)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
I’m cracking up that one of Kourtney Kardashian’s eyeshadow shades on Kylie’s palette is called Gluten Free (face with tears of joy)
Vote For (right arrow) Best Actor (right arrow) Best Movie (trophy) Link :
........ classic. lol hopefully you get it sorted! (grinning face with sweat)
progress!! (slightly smiling face)
 (sparklesrosesparkles) (sparklesrosesparkles) Our and *First Lady* at Mar-a-Lago Welcoming Japans Shinzo A…
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Kylie Jenner shares a video of baby Stormi (baby angel) (medium skin tone)
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT (game die)TOMORROW (game die) 1PM ET / 10AM PT
Thanks love let’s hang soon!! (two hearts)
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” (loudly crying faceskull)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
The full story of pie-ing onstage is as hilarious as it is iconic (face with tears of joyclapping hands)
Unsay nice color sa hair? (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Jealous of every person at umass Amherst who gets to party with cardi (face with rolling eyesperson facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
is pretty in pink. (bikini) (camera):
oh no I just used a capital letter for a type parameter (anxious face with sweat) i’m becoming one of them
Woke up with a feeling today. I might just have to start my game and keep it real with y’all now. Missed streams and fans (hundred points)…
You won't believe what Obama says in this video (winking face)
RT in 5 seconds for good luck! (four leaf clover)
It’s that time of year! (cherry blossom)
Pixie is giving away Gigi bikinis while suppIies last! Make sure you get one (smiling face with heart-eyes) (bikini) …
You won't believe what Obama says in this video (winking face)
 (watermelon)RETWEET (shamrock) (triangular flag)LIKE (shamrock) (watermelon)FOLLOW (shamrock) (triangular flag)GAIN WITH (watermelon) (triangular flag) (watermelon)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
Scanning Overwatch Archives Challenge files… Now activating: UPRISING STORY MODE (backhand index pointing right) https://t.…
That nigga a creep (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Fourth year in a row for “I’m very, very proud." (clapping hands)
what happened to your parody account (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Ohhhhh see you on mami (woman dancing) (light skin tone)
king of jumping (copyright) light_gif
Rt for a blessing (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
let’s get it (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like (thinking face) Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
Please help, man needs his boat! (folded hands) (light skin tone)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
Honey, what wud u know abt the truth (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
Everyday (sneezing face)
best feeling (weary facesparkling heart)
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: (fire)Nike Zoom KD10: Teal, (men’s room)Sz11.5, DS (basketball). …
Dinners over but I still have a taste for you. (face savoring food)
Ohhhhh see you on mami (woman dancing) (light skin tone)
Y’all (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)my friend sent me this from last night. Every time I drink I be trying to argue with EVERYONE (weary faceweary face) …
My friend is being a complete dumbass and been postin the same thing on others curiouscat (face with tears of joy) sorry vro.
1st attempt vs 2nd (loudly crying face) Inspired by album (two hearts)
The Army don't care about retweets (face with tears of joy)
he wants a baby so bad (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Never forget the single of all singles (crescent moon)
Ong going to the jungle when he's scared of bugs... my dear boy.... good luck? (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
When yu relate to brazy (unamused face)
Getting back to getting my self right (shushing face)
My grades tho (flexed biceps) (medium skin toneperson cartwheeling) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) (OK hand) (medium skin tonehundred points)
Catch a sneak peak of Sloane on tonight's episode of (black heartsmirking face)on
 (double exclamation mark) (police car lightdouble exclamation mark)AT&amp;T is pulling out the stops to kill the CA net neutrality bill before it gets a vote. Call 916-82…
ten&amp;aring_ringsjenta knulle hardt (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) free traili porno tv cheryl cole cumshots facial c…
Why one chooses to stay?? Someone just called and answered: "Because there is still LOvE" (winking facesmiling face with heart-eyesface with tongue)
This the only part of the song I like (grinning cat with smiling eyesgrinning cat with smiling eyes)
 (martial arts uniformblue heartyin yang) (oncoming fist) (medium skin toneflexed biceps) (medium skin tone) — feeling thankful at Jones Karate-Jujitsu Warriors - Golden Tiger Hombu Dojo
[ 'The Boys' has surpassed 189 million views on YouTube. (sparkles) More 11 million untill 200M!
hey. hope you're okay (person gesturing OK)‍ (female sign)
I have the worst migraine and this workout did not help (face with symbols on mouth)
Before &amp; After (face blowing a kiss)...
Funny how you always there for people, but nobody is there for you (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) I’m use to it though
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. (flexed bicepspurple heart) ‘FACE YOUR…
ugh me honestly she deserves the accolades she gets (clapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin tone)
Slide in my dms PLEASE (loudly crying faceloudly crying facered heart) (red heart)
Make it happen. Shock everyone! (graduation cap)
PFA Team of the Year (check mark button) Captain's armband (check mark button) Premier League clean sheet no. 17 of the season (check mark button) Not a bad day, eh David? (winking face) https:…
Y’all that song BOO’D up is my shit I play it back to back (weary faceringcrossed fingers) (medium-dark skin tone)
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
Just don't run out of Beers, and I talkin' bout Coronas (thumbs up) (medium-dark skin tone)..
 (folded hands) (medium skin tone)Tesla’s really blessing these days
I kept an orchid alive for an entire year! This just happened a few days ago. (grimacing face)
my mom was asking me who I wanted to invite to my graduation party &amp; I realized I have a small ass group of friends (skull)
You already know I had to bring my sauce to Coachella!!! Littty dances!! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
EARLY RELEASE (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) GO CHECK OUT MY NEW SONG (sparkles)WOOSAH (sparkles) OUT EVERYWHERE NOW (fire) …
Straight pudding pops (face with tears of joy)
The trust level (flushed faceface without moutheyes)
WHO DID THIS!? (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
You know what you're supposed to do when this happens. Make a doughnut run! (firedoughnutalarm clock)
RT: (cityscape at dusk) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
Adding you to the long list of places I will not look to again. Bye (waving hand)
RT if you prefer your fruit &amp; veg packaged like this! (down arrow) (down arrow) (down arrow)
It ain’t even nothing against you, I just don’t fuck with you like I use to (confused face)
SO CUTE!!!! (sparklesyellow heart)
Nothin' but smiles when we roll (high voltage)
RT: Daniels Run ES for at (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
[ blackpinkofficial ] (black heartgreen heartblack heart)
Me neither! It’s so surreal..so many good memories with you guys (red heart)
 (person walking)You owned a car (automobileautomobile) for 4 (alarm clockcalendar) years (alarm clockthumbs up). You (person walking) named it (person blond hair) Brad (person blond hair). You (couple with heartred heartgrowing heart) loved (two hearts)Brad (two heartskissing face with smiling eyes). And then you (person walkingwarning) totaled (warningconstructionautomobilesport utility vehicle) him (vertical traffic light). You two (kiss)…
So i’ve got a friend, Her man posted a pic of her on snap saying “Happy Birthday B (party popperflexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tonepurple heart)” Exactly as that... Is there a problem…
New Video Out Now On (Yeezy Walkin) (fire) Go Tune In
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
It ain’t even nothing against you, I just don’t fuck with you like I use to (confused face)
sungyeol asked ly to post these pics of secretary lee (kim seulgi) with (victory hand) pose on sns LMAO
next week is my last full week of college... ever (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) I’m also picking up my cap and gown today so like wtf
Physics 2 is all about circuits and that’s right up my alley so it’s super fun (smiling face with open hands)
 (sparkles) 1k Follower give away! (sparkles) I'm giving away a Kaneda Falco amiibo! (pill) How to enter: just RT! Must be following me (
corgimin's super jump (dog faceyellow heart)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
I THOUGHT HIS HAIR WAS PURPLE IN THE FIRST PIC AND I GOT REALLY EXCITED (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
When Cardi B said... “I gave you more than I gave myself. So loyal to you that I betray myself." I felt that. (double exclamation mark) (hundred pointsconfused face)
 (fast reverse buttonfast reverse buttonfast reverse button)Troll
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
Men do have babies. (relieved face) Liberals are not all that bright.
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
Sorry (neutral face)
 (fast reverse buttonfast reverse buttonfast reverse button)Troll
. (radioactive)3/11/11 *SOS* to Earthlings 11/…
Idk who taught my baby this BS (double exclamation mark) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) IG:meetthesaunders24
stormi is so cute, her smile!!!!! (baby angel) (medium skin toneyellow heart)
Thank you (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
what if kanye completely switched up from the inspiring tweets n his next tweet was like "call me charmin ultra soft (unamused face) c…
- I need your (red heart) - I need your (alarm clock) _Mít_
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
 (red heartred heartred heart) There are so many ways to say "I love you" (red heartred heartred heart)
This Albertan agrees with Collin I'd miss you (winking face)
Goin’ home (grinning face with sweatcrying face)
you must be mistaken if you think that she gon take it (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
RT to join Zarry's Angels (trade mark) - already exists - stan zayn y harry - every hour is zarry hour - crackheads only! (zany face) - ias will…
My wallet ya lord menipis (loudly crying face)
RETWEET this, and we’ll plant TWO TREES. Yep, that’s right. Two trees. Also, (eyes) this is the gorgeous forest.
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. (fire) (firefire)
Tiana smelling herself, since when do she do the firing ? (rolling on the floor laughing)
Dylan Hartigan on The Voice- love him!! (two hearts)
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! (dog faceperson running)
i am ﾟ+*:;;:* depressed *:;;:*+ﾟ expect inactivity my dudes (relieved face)
She’s gonna be a major fangirl for just like her momma (smiling face with heart-eyescherry blossombeating heart)
Urwelcone baby (two hearts) happy Thursday
Nahh I'm gone lool the stuff I have saved on my phone (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
luh you more I miss you (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
doesn't this look like a leasee (cloud) (cloud) (cloud) (cloud) (cloud)
THIS MADE ME LAUGH SO HARD (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
Another Signature Move, and combinations.
What we have now (dropletrainbow)
Ohhhh cuteeee (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
i really just want to go to the aquarium (shark)
People are funny walla (grinning face with sweatface with tears of joy)
LMAO THE END (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
Savoring the afternoon sun with my boys and our bikes (smiling facethumbs up)
Sweet (red heart)
No one enjoys finishing media interviews quite like
please help ur girl out guys!! please rt, this is the first time i’ve done this !! (victory hand)
Well played, - tonight's Man of the Match (raising handsclapping hands)
borlogs parin amp (angry face)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
let him do what he wants you just gotta scroll away. control yourself (face with steam from nose)
The statue Stanley carved for Phyllis in the finale (face with tears of joy)
I KNOW my page being watched, that’s why I post shit on purpose. (face with tears of joy)
I went to Sephora for one thing &amp; ended up spending $150..... I have a problem (face with rolling eyes)
Eat her pussy till she looks like she’s having a seizure if she dies she dies (person shrugging)‍ (male sign) (red heart)
I be trying to give y’all ugly Mf’s the benefit of the doubt but y’all be feeling y’all selves (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark)
Fellas, u ever been too sad to beat ya meat? (pensive face)
Ariana shared a snippet of on Instagram! (dropletmusical notes)
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! (rolling on the floor laughing) mess! (face with tears of joy)
I see you Blake. !!! Spit them bars, then. ! (firefire)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
ΞΨ Still here... Still the realest (sparkling heartgreen heart)
Friday (face with steam from noseface with steam from noseface with steam from nose)
Excited to receive an offer to Vanderbilt University!!! (black circle) (anchor)
I defied the statistics. Small town Lumbee girl turned High School Valedictorian, Honors Grad of UNC w/ (victory hand) (medium-light skin tone)degrees, soon t…
Freaking goals! (smiling face with heart-eyestwo hearts)
His smile when exo-l was mentioned I literally uwu-ed out loud (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
SondraDeeMe 300 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 300 people.
NEW RULE: A Whole Flex song of your choice Word For Word NO FUCK UPS+ADLIBS (smirking face)Yeah Issa Challenge fr
Still on them drugs (neutral face)
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." (face with tears of joy) It's so crazy.…
“For some this place is sanctuary. Forever welcoming back, forever remembering its heroes.” (stadium) NEYLAND STADIUM (stadium)
It’s here! My swab kit! Im going to be a bone marrow donor to a stranger! Im gonna save a life! (green heartblue heart) …
Virgos (Virgo)are very secretive, and not in a Scorpio way secretive, they're secretive to the point where you will never kn…
Dost (beaming face with smiling eyesgreen heart)
and a good day to you too my forest prince (herb)
POSTING A SEPHORA GIFT CARD DROP RANDOMLY THIS WEEK! Make sure you have my notifications turned on and your carts ready (money-mouth face)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Beautiful house with a pool (desert island)This house is under contract, but we can help you find what you’re looking for! First t…
LOOK SISSS (folded hands) (light skin toneribbonribbon)
book is so good it’s already 30% off. It’s been out for less than 1 week. (face with tears of joy)
We want that young Sinatra (smirking face)
Imagine this being their 50th year anniversary rather than 50th episode (weary faceweary faceface with tears of joy) still a looOong way but one can hope the bon…
You take that back right now mister (eyes)
Oomf seriously fts me while he plays games yet still talk to me... (smiling face with open hands)
Goodnight Tayga (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) forever and always
 (taxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxitaxi) Free Lyft Ride Use promo code: ENTER10 Retweet to. spread free rides soothe
Gary wafting his balls! (OK hand) (medium skin tone)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
This Ad is something else (beaming face with smiling eyes)
My family ain’t shit (face with tears of joy)
Y'all I said yes to my dream dress and I'm about to STRUT down the aisle (smiling face with heart-eyesraising hands) (medium-light skin tone)
that looks so good (smiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handsloudly crying facered heart)
Gonna catch up!! (flexed biceps) (medium-light skin toneflexed biceps) (medium-light skin tone)
Y'all I said yes to my dream dress and I'm about to STRUT down the aisle (smiling face with heart-eyesraising hands) (medium-light skin tone)
local twitter: looks like zayn didnt follow dua's rules (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) 10K RTs (repeat button) 45K LIKES (heart suit)
He needs help (person shrugging)‍ (female sign)
Dance Tips - Video : ZUMBA (registered) GOLD LIVE IT UP (trade mark) 3-DVD SET: GET GROOVIN' AT YOUR OWN PACE -
 (rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyloudly crying face) as i prep for my new moon ritual tonight
Louis when I’m chillin’ yeah that’s my thing
everyone in this is beautiful (sparkling heartgrowing heart)
i never wear red (cherries)
. . . (water pistol) LEFTIST GUN GRAB - PATRIOT PUSHBACK / PA SHERIFF: Pennsyl…
happy birthday to my wife (revolving heartsheart with arrowsparkling heartbeating heartgrowing heart)
Fr tho (smiling face with smiling eyes)
She’s so good (smiling face with smiling eyes)
 (milky way) pandeep moodboard (milky way)
Absolutely (hundred pointshundred pointshundred points) saved my life (leaf fluttering in windgreen heart)
seokjin and jungkook slaying that falsetto wow their voices are so amazing (copyright) 12v30th
Hi hope you had a good journey home. Here are the fes-tea-val details - (grinning facehot beverageteacup without handle)
paul’s brother is fine like paul (full moon face)
That’s when you just don’t wear a shirt at all and keep the hoodie (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
[ STREAMING UPDATE ] We are blown away by the power of NCTzens! (firefirefire) just hit 1M Views...in 8 Ho…
Looking to Secure our 5th Straight Capitol Region Victory... (flag in hole): (calendar): 4/21-4/22 (two o’clock): 11:30 AM
Ebony play with her pussy in public (backhand index pointing rightbackhand index pointing right)
 (enraged face)EXACTLY!!! (face with symbols on mouth)
RT if you think should run for the office of :United_Kingdom::United_Kingdom::United_Kingdom:
I’m learning to be stronger now! Ladies don’t settle for less, I promise someone out there is going to give you the world! (rosehundred points)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
He can be an a-hole at times but I wholeheartedly pray for him and their family. (folded hands)
Every time I pull up to Vic crib i take nap and today I fell asleep with his dog (grimacing face)
I dont be flexing, I really be poppin (round pushpin)
most people: thank GOD the world didn’t end (anxious face with sweat) i was scared shitless! me: wow i didn’t do my homework because of this sh…
ooowee (loudly crying facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
Independence from what? The British empire that gave them the land (thinking face)
"We don't have to run. Let's just walk." I promise to be with you all until the end. (black heart) https://t.…
 (cowboy hat facecowboy hat facecowboy hat facecowboy hat facecowboy hat face) Amazing world (tiger facetiger facetiger facetiger facetiger face) .
I been NORTH (up arrow) [up] Lara been Croft Plates say Drop da Benz off
- best part of today? Your song IN MY BLOOD by is about to play! (headphone):
 (police car lightpolice car lightpolice car light)Solids and stripes are here! Come party with us (unicorn)
Lol if I didn’t already have a schedule out here for visiting shit I would of been there (raising hands) (light skin tone)
All These Hate Filled Lying Corrupt Democrats That Let Obama Run Wild Like A Drug Lord (collision) T…
I just found this screenshot from last year and I wonder if remembers this (face with tears of joygreen heart)
I believe you but sources or anything would be nice (eyes)
One way mission (rocket)
You won't believe what Obama says in this video (winking face)
 (fire) let James Comey know that 11 lawmakers filed charges against him. Brilliant Laura!
- best part of today? Your song IN MY BLOOD by is about to play! (headphone):
Na shooters shoot (relieved face)
baby (cat face)
Look up the stats sweetie (face with raised eyebrow) 38% of America believe in the literal word of your fables (face with rolling eyes) Adam &amp; Eve, Tower of Babel…
I'm loving , more and more. (green heartgreen heartgreen heartgreen heart)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) do you have job? Try to work more and save up your money
Can’t wait for my baby to be in a pic with you guys next (weary facegrowing heart)
PLEASE HELP ME!! I NEED 500 RT xx THIS REALLY MEAN A LOT FOR ME, CUZ THIS NOT AVAILABLE IN MY COUNTRY (two hearts) …
Received my second division 1 offer from Robert Morris University!!! (red circlewhite circle) (blue circle)
Can’t wait for my baby to be in a pic with you guys next (weary facegrowing heart)
Happiest birthday to one of the strongest woman i know ( literally &amp; figuratively (face with tears of joy)) love you beatch…
sehun is busy because of filming i hope vivi and him still have time together (face blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)
Weezie76 25 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 25 people.
I won’t curse you out (smiling face with open hands)
This track is nothin' but "Unforgettable." (smiling face with heart-eyes)
I LOVE YOU (two heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
[ (double exclamation mark)GENIE STREAMING LINKS] [Playlist] 461. 462. 463. …
My week on Twitter (party popper): 10 Mentions, 25 Likes, 7 Retweets, 36.8K Retweet Reach, 10 Replies. See yours with…
Gaten, Caleb e Sadie durante o painel de Stranger Things na Fan Expo Dallas. (smiling face with heart-eyes)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) Shoutout to the incredible save by ... take a look .. RT
One thing for sure two things for certain, if a mf do it once they a do it again (hundred points)
Good morning, Star Dreamers! (grinning face)
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time (revolving hearts)
I hate when I go to the bathroom &amp; there's like 10 stalls available and someone chooses the one right next to mine (expressionless face)
YA RIGHT! I'm going to take financial advice from (check mark)No job (check mark)Can't get into college (check mark)Doesn't have 2 dimes to rub 2g…
Something simple (kiss mark)
4/17/18 my angel was finally born. No words describe the love I have for you babygirl (beating heart) …
Hey guys, I made my first song. I'm really nervous but I'd love some feedback. Thanks gang (sparkling heart)
These yodel kid videos are really getting out of hand (cowboy hat face) Casper &amp; B. - ‘Pancake’ x ‘Yodel Kid’ Remix ft. ht…
Squad arriving for Game 2 (rocket)
4/17/18 my angel was finally born. No words describe the love I have for you babygirl (beating heart) …
Passando dragonballz (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Retweet to save me!! (two hearts)
Ajsjsksksks sammee (face with tears of joy) yall don't understand how excited i am for LMJ1, sis is litterall…
If You have One Chance to Meet Only One EXO's member. Who do you want to meet more? (four leaf clovermaple leaf) [ (man)]
HAHAHAHAHAHA How is this even possible lmao (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
Passando dragonballz (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Army look at this beautiful add on Time Square (double exclamation mark)
this is honestly the cutest thing ever omg (smiling face with heart-eyes)
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time (revolving hearts)
Lol it’s only one girl that get to talk bout my forehead and she not even my mama (person gesturing NO) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person gesturing NO) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
this is honestly the cutest thing ever omg (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Peace and Love to y'all (red heartred heart)
Y’all this tea is piping hot (hot beverage). Ken from DK4L been cheating on Dearra. I was rooting for them (loudly crying face) the last non drama filled You…
Wait LMFAOO is that this (goblin) emoji
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
Ajsjsksksks sammee (face with tears of joy) yall don't understand how excited i am for LMJ1, sis is litterall…
A good night’s work (crescent moonsoccer ball)
Army look at this beautiful add on Time Square (double exclamation mark)
A good night’s work (crescent moonsoccer ball)
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
Both are accurate (winking face with tongue)
Bangtan sharing/buying food for the staff makes me soft, they're so sweet (broken heartbroken heart)
This is so (fire)
 (smiling face with heart-eyesstar-struck) Can I HEAR y'all SAY... (red heart):United_States:
Sometimes I wonder how I come up with beats like this. God deserves some accolades (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonepurple heart)
Look at these cuties (smiling cat with heart-eyesface blowing a kisssmiling face with heart-eyes) Will be back together for much awaited movie
I really really lov this song (smiling face with heart-eyesface with tears of joy)
If only fixing friendships and rebuilding trust was as easy as singing a song to each other (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Been on this earth for 20yrs (rainbowmoney baggem stonesmiling face with heart-eyes)
this is like everyday for me (black heart)
this is like everyday for me (black heart)
Fuck the Que probate, im tryna see my Deltas (weary facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
I know this all too well (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (face with tears of joy)
7 princes on the stage (face with tears of joyface with tears of joysmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
i want platinum blonde hair but i like my healthy hair too much (crying face)
I really want some wine (weary face)
THE NEW SNAP CHAT UPDATE!!!! (raising hands) (medium-light skin toneraising hands) (medium-light skin toneraising hands) (medium-light skin tone)
 (camera with flash) | Shawn is nominated for Top Social Artist at this year’s Billboard Music Awards! Congratulations Shawn! …
Everyday since the first day I became a Warrior! (smiling face with heart-eyesblue heart)
Have a safe flight (heart suit) transit JFK NY to Argentine (airplane) as tagged ♡ …
Positive energies to your friend. (waxing crescent moonfull moonwaning crescent moon)
Eat up King James (goat)
My pleasure. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Eat up King James (goat)
This track is nothin' but "Unforgettable." (smiling face with heart-eyes)
And in your smile I see something more beautiful than the stars (red heart) retweet to vote (red heart)
bestofnextdoor 200 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 200 people.
We just got milk (baby bottleOK handbeaming face with smiling eyes)
The weather is warming up and we're ready to work on our garden! (seedlingtulip) Get the kiddos involved and make it a family event.…
Blocked (double exclamation mark)
Bathong!!!! (thinking facethinking facethinking facethinking faceface with tears of joy)
He's so fluffy (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Nigga I’m dying (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game (firefirefire)
A-a-and we we sticking to it ! (musical notesindex pointing up) (medium skin tonesmiling face with open hands)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
 (hot springs) Free Online Sex Cams ↴ (hot springs) Register 100% Free ↴ (hot springs) Get Your Free Tokkens ↴ (fire) (fire) …
Lol. (face with tears of joy) Bingo!
 (small blue diamondblack medium-small square)TheSecretRoom (black medium-small square) (small blue diamond)
Get your popcorn ready. (popcorn) |
New hat (video camera): cattery_greycat
A-a-and we we sticking to it ! (musical notesindex pointing up) (medium skin tonesmiling face with open hands)
Always. (red heart) he’s my little nephew
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Great chat. Goodbye. (waving hand)
the cutest happiest girl there ever was (weary facered heart)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Your double entendre of political and electrical power—truth to both (victory hand)
If the earth is flat then why this nigga just fall for no reason (sleepy faceface with tears of joyOK hand) (medium skin tonerolling on the floor laughing)
My loyalty simple . I’m either for you or I’m not (hundred points)
Need everyone to be on this level when they see me (face with tears of joyred heart)
It’s been a while but I still hate (face with rolling eyesface with tears of joy) Ladies and gentlemen exhibit 19362826
Wait. who are the captains? You didn’t show the pick! (thinking face)
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
If you didnt know im an LA based makeup artist! (I also only charge $50 for a full glam with lashes (beaming face with smiling eyes)) …
 (page with curl)ˀ ・・・ ♡⃕ let’s stay together forever
MONTANA OF 300 IS A FUCKING BEAST BOYY (smiling face with hornsfire)
Here’s some encouraging !!! (folded hands) (medium-light skin tonetwo heartsfolded hands) (medium-light skin tone)
/// Wrap game serious (face with steam from noseflexed biceps) (light skin tone) Owner: michaelpda
Check out this giveaway, courtesy of (wrapped gift) CyberPowerPC Gamer Xtreme PC Giveaway (smiling face with open hands) Tag Your Friends (revolving hearts) Ret…
 (camera) Nah, we’d probably be more likely to visit
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
 (smiling face with heart-eyes)Follow everyone who retweet this.
yes I like girls, yesss I will take your girlfriend from you. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
I wanna be with you. Just love me. (red heart)
€ (kissing face)Follow me and everyone who like or retweet this
my lyft driver live dab, he just bout me a mf bottle (winking face with tongue)
HEY CHS!! Elections are on 4/23 during 2nd period. As ASB President, I promise to make next year a GREAT ONE (red heart) (paw printsyellow heart)
Better Vibes, Less Stress, &amp; More Trips (hundred points)
Even the snowy mornings can be pretty, at least for a while!! (sun with facemaple leafsnowflake)
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
RETWEET IF YOU AGREE (right arrow curving down) Barack Obama was the biggest criminal to ever occupy the White House!
Lmaoo so you telling me they didn’t see that big ass rat in the background (skullskullface with tears of joyskullperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with rolling eyes) this guy
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) This fool wouldn't know what to do with a condom if mommy showed him, he'd s…
Taeckay (sparkling heartgreen heartface with tears of joyface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing) don't make cs angry (grinning face with sweatface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
!!!! allez Grenoble (red exclamation mark) (red exclamation mark) (red exclamation mark)
Greg Popovich’s wife passed away today (pensive face) Prayers up for Greg and his family (folded hands)
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ (copyright)btsvotingteam ARMY LET'S WIDE…
There is really nothing better than pouring down rain to fall asleep to (relieved facesleeping face)
I do that whatever the type of movie asln (face with tears of joywater pistol) But i can say that “the best of me “ is definitely at the top of the list (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
I just want to drop by and say I love my wonderful and amazing baby honeybee (honeybee)
Today got you grinding your teeth? (grimacing facesad but relieved face) has some advice to help you stress less.
Big bet (OK hand) (medium skin tonered heart)
When you think about all God has done for you and where he’s taking you next . (weary faceweary face)
BLACKPINK is listed as one of strong idols who easily eat up the charts (purple heart)
mocks sketch of ‘nonexistent’ harasser: ‘Total con job’ (backhand index pointing right)He looks really frightening and for bein…
I’m disappointed in u (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Except (smiling face with open handssparkling heart)
Retweeted abhimanu. (record button) ( I Love you my friend too.. (men’s roomturkeyturkey) Explore your Love ,, Be kind Heart. Human..Its n…
And depending ona family you might get fucked up (face with tears of joy)
Awe thank you Samoya (sparkling heart)
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
This the reason Bighit doesn’t give them all black hair (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) when I started stanning literally sometimes it used to b…
Hey can we get to 500 followers tonight? Let's help bring the to Connecticut! (water wavewater wavewater wave)…
i guess we still dropping tilted boys (thinking face)
Kawasan Falls, Philippines :Philippines: (smiling face with heart-eyes)
They be taking it personally.. (face with tears of joyperson shrugging)‍ (male sign)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
When I finally let go you’ll never mean shit to me again (hundred pointshandshakerelieved facesmirking face)
Anytime my belly go down i dun with shirts (rolling on the floor laughing)
Why do I keep staying up late every day, especially when I have to be up early the next day? (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (blue heartfolded hands) (light skin toneblue heart) Lord we ask for your HealingTouch (blue heartfolded hands) (light skin toneblue heartlatin cross) https://t.…
if i’m on “ blocked “ you’re mad and i won . (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
My husband is cussing his a$$ off, at this game. I need help. (persevering facepersevering facepersevering face) Cleveland vs Pacers.
My mom is the only one who deserves all the love (red heart)
their smile (grinning face with big eyes) their eyes (eyes) their lips (mouth) their hair (person blond hair)‍ (female sign) their laugh (squinting face with tongue) their smirk (smirking face) their humor (OK hand) their weird face (winking face with tongue)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
Judge Kimba Wood Points of Interest (backhand index pointing right) (medium-light skin tone)Registered Democrat (backhand index pointing right) (medium-light skin tone)Withdrew as Clinton AG Nominee after discovery of Illegal Alien N…
Damn (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
lms if you know im a cool good dude if you met me in person...everybody needs to hear it every now n again (flexed biceps)
Looking wonderful and very Proud Frank Congratulations to you (star) (star) (star) (star) (clapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping handsyellow heartblue heart)
Ok, care panes. (disappointed face)
So now Misha:Russia:Flynn is connected to via parent company, SCL. And Misha has been squealing for a long…
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year (trophyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Lunes* (face with tears of joy)
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there (rolling on the floor laughing)
When J Cole fans heard he was dropping a new album (face with tears of joyskullfolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
 (trophy) November (trophy) February (trophy) March is the 1st player to win Player of the Month 3 times in the sam…
goodmorning (heart with arrow)
[INSTAGRAM CAROUSEL] jessica.syj: Thank you all for the birthday love (sparkling heartrainbowbutterfly) (2P)
nice spanish, i appreciate it. (face with tears of joyyellow heart)
Everyone rt plssss (beating heartbeating heart)
 (smiling face with horns)TEEN 5 DEVILS (smiling face with horns)
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. (flexed bicepspurple heart) ‘FACE YOUR…
Love a woman I can be my self with (hundred pointshundred pointsflexed biceps)
i have the BIGGEST trust issues (tired face)
He’s my best friend (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
180408 Fan Sign (baby) miss you https:…
Girl same, I’m always like I’ll charge it in the car. (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Jazz vs Thunder - Live Stream (trade mark) Watch Online Basketball (trade mark) (red circle) now I watching here (backhand index pointing right)《 Jazz vs Thunder L…
We all did, Ahgafam! (kiss markbirdred heart) Our boys are…
Bringing Doyoung’s part in Boss acapella version back (speaking headmicrophone)
Niggas be out here cheating &amp; still be crazy over you (face with tears of joy) HTF does that work (face with monocle)
Description : Rippling (fire) (red heart) Danni Gee (red heart) Website : (laptop) Photos : 39-60 [P2/3] (camera) HD (no one under eighteen) …
The world has gone to shit but it's OK because someone has done this to their hedge in Finsbury Park. (elephant)
My Punk Rock ++ (registered) Luv Is Rage (broken heart)
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. (OK hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
We can identify the stages of life for an animal, and understand that it is called a life cycle. (lady beetlegreen applebooksblue heart) …
 (trophy) MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS (trophy) BEST FANDOM: → + (
all my (electric plug)s luv me, i ain’t had to steal shit (P button)
thanks, pal. UConn softball got me a win while I was covering the game and that’s about all I can ask for (face with tears of joy)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Lrt, it seems like youngmin is having a mental breakdown of happiness because of block b (grinning squinting face) Cr. yuo4mina …
i’m really fine asf. i be sleeping on myself. (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Prayers going out to Greg Popovich (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Spring is here and so are these amazing specials! (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Yes love (two hearts) this song, so for this
Chicago’s weather in the past 4 *days (face with rolling eyesperson facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
almost beat my PR today.. imma keep grinding (broken heart)
TWITTTEEEERRR IS LIFEEEUUUU. (hundred points)
Money on Lebron Tonight (money bagflexed biceps) (medium skin tonebasketballzipper-mouth face)..
WE THE PEOPLE WILL REMEMBER COME NOVEMBER AND YOU WILL BE REPLACED WITH MAGA CANDIDATES! :United_States: (ballot box with ballot)
Yes. Both. Equally. Very much. (growing heartsmiling face)
This shit really how I be feelin tho (skullskull)
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute (face with rolling eyes)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
Casual (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Me on the outside vs me on the inside (honeybee)
Wow!! Traveling on with RudraHanuman! Coincidence (winking face with tongue)
And is the new competition (raising hands) (medium-light skin tone)
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! (dog faceperson running)
We'll take one of each please! (smiling face with heart-eyes) We have all kinds of NEW earrings in every shape, size, color, and texture you can…
Wow!! Traveling on with RudraHanuman! Coincidence (winking face with tongue)
Cause She Can !!! (grimacing face) en Lima, Peru
All we want is a seat at this Sangel wedding. (person with veil) (medium-dark skin tonered heart) Catch all the love TONIGHT on at 9/8c! https://t…
Jungkook go to Jimin and comfort him; asking him not to cry~ (rabbit face)Don't Cry! (front-facing baby chicksweat dropletsloudly crying face) (rabbit facesweat dropletsloudly crying face)
It’s never bad to be friends with your ex. (face with tears of joyvictory hand) (medium-light skin tone)
 (sparkles) Tomorrow at midnight! (sparkles)
[ ?] Jessi hinted that she'll be in Malaysia soon (face screaming in fear) She shared this news in her instagram story and comment. OM…
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
WOW! Congratulations on the nominations! I can’t wait for The Kenny’s! (star)
Episode 158 | in session now (police car light) | Be sure to follow us on Instagram for…
Devil is a liar (lying face)
the incident (waning crescent moonkitchen knife)
I love you (red heart) keep blessing my ears with your music
Paul Pogba awarded man of the match by BT Sport. (raising hands) (light skin tone)
College Republicans from across the state of Texas holding a Trump flag in the Texas state Capitol! :United_States: AMERICA FIRST
Devil is a liar (lying face)
Alright now...white boy got bars (eyesclapping hands) (medium-dark skin toneclapping hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
PB , SB , BLAKE do a 3 way swap (face with tears of joy)
In 10 days, going to take us to paradise You ready, EXO-Ls? (smiling face with sunglasses) …
Follow to gain Followers (plus) LIKE and RETWEET (recycling symbol)
I'm so excited for ya'll. Party time!! (grinning face) *DO
We live tonight bitchh (squinting face with tongue)
Capsule Airbrush and Lunatic T-shirts available on 4/20 (wilted flower) visuals by …
 (warning)REMINDER: US ARMY Please don't preorder from Kpop stores, K-sites or BTSOfficialShop. Only use US preorder link from B…
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 248 Mentions, 5.25K Mention Reach, 365 Likes, 45 Retweets, 66.7K Retweet Reach. See yours wit…
For the sake of our fandom's well being, I've created a GC for us to rant about YHS (face without mouth) All negativity is welcomed here b…
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)fuckk nooo
army, follow who retweet this (smiling face with halo)
I have just found the funniest account on Twitter (backhand index pointing right) You have to follow it (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I have just found the funniest account on Twitter (backhand index pointing right) You have to follow it (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 14 Mentions, 57 Likes, 16 Retweets, 92.9K Retweet Reach, 35 New Followers. See yours with…
 (shushing faceshushing faceshushing facethinking face) (headphoneweary cat) on_toprecords
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 7 Likes, 1 Retweet, 3.34K Retweet Reach, 1 Reply. See yours with…
Drunk me is a whole different person (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Y’all got so much shit to say why you can’t say nun of that shit to my face patna (skull) Sweet ass nigga (face with tears of joy)
so u pick something yet (face with tears of joy)
Y’all got so much shit to say why you can’t say nun of that shit to my face patna (skull) Sweet ass nigga (face with tears of joy)
Done (victory hand)
MV trending at 24 on youtube in Hong Kong at 8am on 19 April (smiling face with open hands)
So grateful for my boyfriend’s mom. She’s a true saint!! (red heart)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (yellow heart) Heart of Gold updated (yellow heart) Read the three final pages of Volume I on …
Beau’Lash doll (kiss mark)
Aww thank you (red heart) (red heart)
He keep on dialing/darling Nicki/Nikki like the Prince song (tongue)
Got my son his Texas ID today (dog face)
She made my day! (red heart)
Bitches be getting surgeries done based off what mfs used to say to them in high school and shit (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
Can already picture everybody throwing up the wakanda sign on the yard (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) Welcome home bison!
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit (face with tears of joy)
MV trending at 24 on youtube in Hong Kong at 8am on 19 April (smiling face with open hands)
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit (face with tears of joy)
i hate girls who think everybody wants her ugly ass boyfriend (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)nobody wants him but you
He keep on dialing/darling Nicki/Nikki like the Prince song (tongue)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 5 Mentions, 14 Likes, 1 Retweet, 7.33K Retweet Reach, 8 New Followers. See yours with…
SOS Condoms, Durex is not here to play This ad funny (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
RT: Does your child want to create 3D Models with precision? (desktop computer)
YOOO (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)what did I do? (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
I know you're thinking I'm heartless I know you're thinking I'm cold I'm just protecting my innocence I'm just protecting my soul (snowflake)
U literally can’t have the best of both worlds - all I want is for it to be hot in the day &amp; cold at night! Never getting to sleep (anxious face with sweatsleeping face)
Bear is going more vertical compared to past tree climbing attempts (smiling face with smiling eyes)
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
SOS Condoms, Durex is not here to play This ad funny (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
Oh hey there bud (person raising hand)‍ (male sign)
Now you have to shine in just 4 CL games to win the Ballon D'or (thumbs up) (light skin tone)
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers (backhand index pointing down) (medium-dark skin tone)
My timeline is flooding with Go Fighting! (smiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open hands)
 (blue heart)love you (blue heart)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
And I’m just now realizing it and I’m super late (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) can’t even talk shit now
If I never get to see the Northern Lights! (night with starsmilky waymilky waynight with stars) I just voted for on…
He is fed up wid having to deal wid VO (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I absolutely love you (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart) (fireraising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
ตอนจบ | one31 1 2 3 …
My week on Twitter (party popper): 6 Mentions, 35 Likes, 5 Retweets, 19K Retweet Reach, 2 New Followers. See yours with…
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
This is my new favorite video (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
No need for the hose (sweat dropletssweat dropletssweat dropletssweat dropletssweat droplets)
I miss my brother after school in the parking lot isn’t the same (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
usted sabe (kiss mark)
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep (face with tears of joy)
Happy 23rd! (face blowing a kisssmiling face with heart-eyesred heartcouple with heart)
Guys be lying but so do I (smiling face with smiling eyes)
"next girl i fw ima tell her not to play me cus when my thoughts and my feelins get all twisted i go crazy" (angry face with horns)
 (thinking facegoatartist palette) Let’s make it Happen..
Chitterlings?! Noooo (loudly crying facerolling on the floor laughing)
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like (thinking face) Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
Happy 23rd! (face blowing a kisssmiling face with heart-eyesred heartcouple with heart)
@ yourself (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (beating heart)
 (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) MY MF BEST FRIEND
 (sparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparklessparkles) 'This Book Was Awesome!' MILITARY TWO HEARTS SURRENDERED …
Thank you (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
20 pictures &amp; 8 short videos are available right now to my MV Crushes. (sparkles) Become a crush for as low as $2.50/month. (hushed face)…
blackwatch moira (fire)
Protective Ice Bear (snowflake) (red heartrevolving hearts)
[ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] DAY 2: April 18, 2018 (upwards button) KPOP REVOLUTION (upwards button) 1. : 655.2K 2. BTS…
Y’all go get that (double exclamation mark)
This my girl chasing me down the block for 1 more kiss (slightly smiling face)
Wall of computer-based gaming entertainment :) (video game)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 7 Mentions, 1 Retweet, 1 Reply. See yours with
Lol you going for the game ain’t you (basketball)
When people you grew up with pop up in ads on your insta.. (eyes)
"Dodger fans all happy over a 2 game winning streak (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)" YOU BET YOUR FUCKEN ASS WE ARE
It’s time for voting on Twitter: (victory hand) 1 vote per artist per account (victory hand) Vote by retweeting (victory hand) Windows open for…
Holy fuck (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Selena Gomez looks stunning for Puma (girltwo heartsface blowing a kiss)
See u in July (red heart)
It’s time for voting on Twitter: (victory hand) 1 vote per artist per account (victory hand) Vote by retweeting (victory hand) Windows open for…
My week on Twitter (party popper): 43 Mentions, 43.7K Mention Reach, 55 Likes, 8 Retweets, 13.2K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 6 Likes, 5 Retweets, 27.9K Retweet Reach, 1 Reply. See yours with…
 (green heartfront-facing baby chick) Ahgase is around the world
Girl it wasn’t genius it’s your THICK ASS NEW YORK ACCENT. (skullskullskullskullskullskullskullskullskullskullskullloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Lucian girls can't what???:St._Lucia::St._Lucia::St._Lucia::St._Lucia::St._Lucia: (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
“Hello” video starring our guy Tony the Tiger out tomorrow (flexed biceps) You ready BEANZ? ht…
I need a big bag too &amp; thx. (smiling face with sunglasses)
- 9 years ago today, dropped "Beam Me Up Scotty," which featured + more (backhand index pointing right) (medium-dark skin tone)…
i miss him so badly (broken heart)
Twitter ci hein (face with tears of joy)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 1.49K Mention Reach. See yours with
wait, (eyes). I’m here wassup (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (smiling face).
Cause hurt people hurt people (musical note)
Girl Gtf (face with tears of joy) Wassup?
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) factuals
YES GIRL, REPRESENT STL (red heart)
So just to put it out there, that acronym (backhand index pointing down) was something else looooong before it became what it became. Meanwhile, YouTube…
Shit I need to go work out (person frowning) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) factuals
I love it!!! (red heart) (red heart) Thanks for coming in (face blowing a kiss)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Taemin and Minho dancing MTTM (sparkling heart)
Damn … sympathies out to Pop (sad but relieved face)
 (collision) (collision) Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, Andrew McCabe along with Love Birds Peter Strzok &amp; Lisa Page…
Damn … sympathies out to Pop (sad but relieved face)
"If you want things your way, fork off" (face with tears of joy)
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like (thinking face) Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
I see a lot of people who cheated judging a cheater (thinking face)
Tonight's goal scorers (raised fist)
Tiffany Haddish and Kevin Hart SHOULD NOT be together alone bruh, they stupid as hell (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Clearly If you a .. Aquarius (Aquariusred heart) (hundred points) Leo (Leo) Gemini (Gemini) Libra (Libra) Sagittarius (Sagittarius) Aries (Aries) Taurus (Taurus) You poppin (hundred pointsdouble exclamation mark) (clapping hands)
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." (face with tears of joy) It's so crazy.…
If I can’t be this comfortable around a female, I’ll just stay single forever (sleeping facevictory hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
Look forward to reading this book (two hearts)
Part2 of the Mina drama (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
VERY GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (raising handsclapping handsvictory hand)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Like, 1 Retweet, 375 Retweet Reach. See yours with
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 25 Mentions, 81.3K Mention Reach, 4 Likes, 2 Retweets, 37.5K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
I read that wrong at first and I agreed but I read it again and I disagree (grimacing face)
Work is so dead (person getting massage)‍ (male sign)
EXO-CBX 'Blooming Days (sunflower)' is currently sold out again in Synnara Chart. (clapping handsparty popper) cr: 12celsius
My favorite on Team Kelly (purple heart)
JT MILLER (high voltage) (ice hockey)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
Wow (sleepy face) prayers up to Pop and his family.
I think Boris arms are too shorts , anyway , that's not important , there will always be imperfections (face with tears of joy) . I hope you like •…
it’s my time to shine like a hot Cinnabon that I was born to be. (face with tears of joy)
IM LOSING IT (winking face with tongue)
Is this girl funny or did her uncle Chucky call in favors? I just don't see how she made it this far (confused face)
IM SCREAMING!!!! EXO-CBX is No.1 in Synnara Chart (face with tears of joy)
Necesito un (electric plug) en footlockers
Ok this one got to me (face with tears of joy)
he don't (rolling on the floor laughing)
Kone dou guinar .. (confused face)
My babies (red heart)
If anybody has any stretch mark remedies they’d be greatly appreciated (upside-down face)
when he switched spoons (rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyloudly crying face)
Thanking God in advance for all these blessings he’s about to shower me with! (smiling face)
To all those who have already got their ticket for the Derby clash (face blowing a kiss) To all those who haven't, here's :keycap_5: reasons why you…
alright twitter, can ya do your thing and help your girl out? i need 99K retweets!! please!! (beaming face with smiling eyes)
Why u mad? (rolling on the floor laughing)
It's actually 11 (winking face)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
I liked a video LITTEN SONG ► Fandroid The Musical Robot (fire) (Pokemon Sun &amp; Moon Music Video)
Raise your hand if you’re married and your total household income is more than both figures. (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
Wait, are we living the same life? (face with tears of joy)
 (eyeseyeseyeseyes) @ YOU RN
Spring edition. Time to brighten up (desert islandblue heart) peep the ocean behind me yass
This GIF has to be retweeted every time you see it. I don't make the rules. (person shrugging)‍ (male sign)
I been NORTH (up arrow) [up] Lara been Croft Plates say Drop da Benz off
You could win a spa day for you and your mom courtesy of MARTINI &amp; ROSSI (registered). No Purch Nec.
I gotta be honest... nothing about that sounds fun (face with tears of joy) But you go girl! lol
BTS (red heart)ARMY, and they’re about to prove it with the launch of Love Yourself 轉 ‘Tear’ on May 18th. Get ready with our exclusive…
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers (backhand index pointing down) (medium-dark skin tone)
Blessed to say that I have committed to Aurora University (squinting face with tongue)
BTS (red heart)ARMY, and they’re about to prove it with the launch of Love Yourself 轉 ‘Tear’ on May 18th. Get ready with our exclusive…
Time for today's Looking forward to all this great content! Thanks to you all (tumbler glassstudio microphone)
Necesito un (electric plug) en footlockers
Blessed to say that I have committed to Aurora University (squinting face with tongue)
Unmatched (smiling face with heart-eyes)
THE TRUE STAR OF THE SHOW! (sparkles)
Get a dog anyway, what's he gonna do? (upside-down face)
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear (raising hands) htt…
Always in the mood for (sleeping facegrimacing face)
Imagine: You laying flat with yo back arched &amp; (peach) tooted up taking backshots (eggplant) while he holding both of your arms with one han…
Follow everyone who retweets this (maple leaf)
 (boy)hyung buy me food,go vocation with me? Buy me food,lets go to busan -okay (boy)no buy me food!! -what r u talking about (boy)Hy…
Ban title song (OK hand)
“You a soundcloud rapper” yup and I’m doing numbers (shushing facefireeagle) 40k ? I’m dropping another song ! 50k I’m shooting a video to real shi…
It's okay they'll just think you're really wise or something (grinning face with sweatperson tipping hand) (medium skin tone)
I have the worst headache. (weary face)
Happy with the feelings today in It's always a special finish in Huy. Lactate acid (TOP arrowTOP arrow). (camera with flash) Cor Vo…
Bro snapping (zipper-mouth face)
I’m that bitch (face with tears of joyhundred pointshot beverage)
Please use this tag more often: (backhand index pointing right)This tag is for MTV MIAW Latin America under…
:United_States::United_States:When something is important enough. You have to fight, even if the odds are not in your favor! :United_States::United_States:
Thanks gorgeous (heart exclamation) (heart exclamation)
While i was off twitter I decided to colour some of my fave Ganondorf sketches as i love him so much (artist palette) sketches originally don…
Thanks gorgeous (heart exclamation) (heart exclamation)
Come on Cheryl (crossed fingers) (medium skin tone)
my work (black heart)
My family ain’t shit (face with tears of joy)
Parkerlawyer 100 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 100 people.
My family ain’t shit (face with tears of joy)
The Obama DOJ and FBI worked to spy on and DEFEAT the Trump Campaign (double exclamation mark) This is THE LARGEST POLITICAL SCANDAL IN U.S. HISTORY…
Tag someone who needs this (face with tears of joy)
Tag someone who'd love to have all of these (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
Actually I got something better ! RAE SREMMURD FT TRAVIS SCOTT DROPS TOMORROW!!!!!! (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)…
Actually I got something better ! RAE SREMMURD FT TRAVIS SCOTT DROPS TOMORROW!!!!!! (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person in steamy room) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)…
 (raising hands) YASSS It's time for a great show Classic (circled M)an:
Thank you so much Kim. (two hearts)
Russ the (goat)
We’re illuminated friends (light bulb)
bye don’t use my girl to trash on my new bff (face with steam from nose)
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time (revolving hearts)
Hard work &amp; consistent attendance at Athletes Yoga class paying off for NWMSU (american football) signee Blake Brown (BVHS)…
Amen (folded hands) (light skin tone)
buzzfeed your energy is toooo much rn (skull)
Oh, I am ashamed of my scribbled drawing comparing to Sora’s in the drawing relay game (see-no-evil monkey)~However,…
Love you (red heart)
so much feels by just waking up. need to smoke this out (expressionless face)
This is what makes him special (backhand index pointing down) spontaneously gets down and plays roadside cricket with local lads (I presume) in Ba…
so much feels by just waking up. need to smoke this out (expressionless face)
the way he just stared at the camera and smirked. (B button (blood type))ro, this ain’t good for my health
Haven’t won in Fortnite in 2 days... (tired facetired face) i use to win all the time.. smh
I peep &amp; observe everything... I’m listening even when you think I’m not paying attention (slightly smiling facehundred points)
i love a good long leisurely bath that smells of roses and treating myself like a queen (princess) (medium-light skin toneroseperson taking bath) (medium-light skin tone)
Take my hand, take my whole life too (musical note) Shot // We’re all…
This is literally my bestfriend (face with tears of joy)
This game has me choking on my Sprite (upside-down face)
Maluma’s coming on Friday to the freeman wtf (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Facts (cat with tears of joy)
RT THIS AND IN 5 MINUTES GOOD LUCK WILL COME (folded handsOK handraising hands)
Even pups are loving the books! (smiling face with heart-eyes)... or maybe someone just has a crush on Wrigley Delle Donne (thinking face)
Wow. I need new friends (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Yikes (flushed face)
 (hibiscuscherry blossomblossom) EXO flower boys (blossomcherry blossomhibiscus)
Enjoy (grinning face with big eyes)
This will always be funny (loudly crying face)
Taurus season is so rude: got us indulging and craving right before summer (weary faceperson facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (cookie)
 (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyesyellow heartyellow heart) I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!! RETWEEETTYT
Hearing this new and thinking to myself: " (thinking face) hmmmm, I think the world really needs this kinda energy right…
“For lunch I had a salad with vegetables”- Bitch wtf else goes in a salad? (face with tears of joy)
Damn I just totaled my car (pensive face) Twitter:
If don’t carry his ass........ (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (face with tears of joy)
I’m just ready to see who Poundcake daughter is likeee (face with rolling eyesweary facehundred points)
Forever Posted In Them Trenches (middle finger) (medium-dark skin toneprince) (medium-dark skin tone)
My nails are toooo long (grinning squinting face)
Impeccable table setting (OK hand)
Praying for coach Pop and his family right now (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Day 2... nailed it. (camera with flash):
Thanks bro (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Disney land (smiling face with heart-eyesperson raising hand)
Been on repeat for 3 days straight!! Nicki Minaj is the G.O.A.T don’t @ me! (fire) (fire) (fire) …
 (front-facing baby chick)[LA_KPOP REVOLUTION] est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car lightpolice car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ (police car lightpolice car lightpolice car light) 사이렌.. 등장... (crying face)
I miss her (crying face)
Everybody gets at LeBron... Y'all know KD is going bald too right (grinning face with sweatgrinning face with sweat)
Brilliant scenes at Accrington last night! (red circlewhite circle) What a special moment for a small club with the lowest budget in the leag…
They deserve BETTER (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying facegrowing heartgrowing heart)
They deserve BETTER (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying facegrowing heartgrowing heart)
A 심쿵(shim-kung) moment with (special). (person gesturing OK) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (heart suit) (musical notes)
love me some skinny niggas (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Ride this lil bitch till the tank empty (winking face with tongue)
Stressing about shit you can't change is the worst (face with rolling eyes)
 (police car light) *DEVELOPING* Hillary Clinton and other corrupt FBI/DOJ officials have been referred by congress to AG Jeff Sessions a…
 (police car light) *DEVELOPING* Hillary Clinton and other corrupt FBI/DOJ officials have been referred by congress to AG Jeff Sessions a…
I cannot stand people who have no sense of fashion (enraged face) like why do you look like that?
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
 (woman dancing) Our April 28th Flamenco Dinner Show will feature special guest artist, Lola Mayo, world renowned Flamenco dancer…
Their are always 3 pandas roaming San Diego &amp; Riverside, but don't mess with them. They may be a bit dangerous. (warning) (pandapandapanda) (warning)
Let’s see if things get spicy (hot pepper)
you fit so well with me (smiling face with smiling eyes)
i'm trying my best to be good enough (two hearts)
Jongdae's laugh is the brightest and the most beautiful, i love the sun (sun) https:…
Prayers to Coach Pop &amp; family man (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Like if you want to receive full video in DM (two hearts)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
still don’t have a prom date (sneezing face)
Hello! (smiling face with smiling eyestwo hearts)
I miss my Schnee chassis (frowning face)
I miss my Schnee chassis (frowning face)
[VIDEO] Jungkook siendo adorable en el Japan 4th Muster Fanmeeting (yellow heart) ARMYs! No se olviden usar los # !!
i’m taking best friend applications in dms (call me hand)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (leaf fluttering in wind)Look deep into and you will understand everything better - Albert Einstein (four leaf clover) (four leaf clover)…
With bae (two hearts) slide to watch my mini video and go to my link in bio for…
With bae (two hearts) slide to watch my mini video and go to my link in bio for…
god is preparing me for something great, ima hold on (crossed fingers) (medium-dark skin toneblue heart)
good morning cadoz (sunflower)
Damn brudda what u on wit him (skull)
 (police car light)SCHOOL GIVEAWAY (police car light) (wrapped gift)$0.50 PayPal Money (wrapped gift)3x Netflix Accounts (right arrow)Follow (right arrow)Follow (right arrow)Retweet (bomb)When I get h…
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
J.T. goes allllllll the way up for his first of the playoffs! (fire) |
J.T. goes allllllll the way up for his first of the playoffs! (fire) |
I miss somerwesley (broken heart)
This woman knew she wanted to adopt a senior dog — so she found the "ugliest" one out there (red heart)
for Changkyun i think it's more like he's already married to Monbebes (grinning squinting face) rmb t…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
I don’t like when my mom tells me what to do what makes you think that I’ll let your ass tell me what to do (slightly smiling faceslightly smiling face)???
 (glowing star) (glowing star) (glowing star) (glowing star) (glowing star) Join Us In Operation Let's get everyone thinking about and Honoring our Fallen Soldiers
“Don’t be fucking gay....I’m just playing I ain’t even write that shit “ (skullskullface with tears of joy)
a BAAAD habit (red exclamation mark)
Got my son his Texas ID today (dog face)
 (oncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin toneoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone):United_States: (party popperoncoming fist) (medium-light skin tone) FANTABULOUSLY OUTRAGEOUSLY OSTENTATIOUSLY SUPERBLY I…
Scanning Overwatch Archives Challenge files… Now activating: UPRISING STORY MODE (backhand index pointing right) https://t.…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Live tweeting with y'all gets us LIT! (fire) Make sure to use and
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
Check out this (flexed biceps) interview w/ Simon Crack on making tips and more: …
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
Bitcoinist explaining How AirPod's Passive Income is Immune to the Bear Market. Read more: (airplane)…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Tennis Team repeats as Belton Tourney champions with 3 (1st place medal) division winners!!! Congrats to
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Warning: ANGRY (enraged face) TWEET There is a special place in hell for people who walk on streets SMOKING &amp; blowing the poison back in…
birthday next month
BTS Japan 4th Muster Fan Meeting Poster &amp; photocards (copyright)什么都有
I’m hurting inside , I can’t trust NOBODY (broken heart)
i wanted to get my album today so i could say i got my OT18 album on april 18 but well (pensive face)
Vote ! I want to stay !!!! RT TO SAVE! (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
I met someone newww last night and we kicked it &amp; im going back there tonight &amp; u know what’s on my mind this time (drooling face)
You Won’t Believe What Obama Says In This Video! (winking face) via Holy fu*king shit, I just…
Looks like an early release of &amp; Marvel's comic book will arrive this Friday. Who's excited? (person raising hand)‍ (male sign)…
I NEED A FRIEND LIKE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Immediately (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
The G.O.A.T has arrived (goatgoat)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 3 New Followers. See yours with
Webcams en directo GRATIS (no one under eighteen) (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing right) (thumbs up)
all these tweets, have me feeling lonely as hell lmao (face with tears of joy)
CHENSING MACHINE (smiling face with sunglasses)
Rt for a blessing (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Webcams en directo GRATIS (no one under eighteen) (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing right) (thumbs up)
Paul George arrives for Game 2 in OKC coming off of 36 PTS, 8 3PM in Game 1! (basketball): x (alarm clock): 8:00 PM/ET (television): ht…
This is the most important workout video you’re going to watch today. Probably all week. (face with tears of joy)
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night (speaking head) …
This baby is THRILLED the dog's playing hide-and-seek with him (face with tears of joy) (via
I’m trying to be like when I grow up (face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes)
Some girls are just foul (nauseated face)
Is there any group that is single? Shots fired (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
keep those tweet coming Fighting! (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
My week on Twitter (party popper): 10 Mentions, 22 Likes, 1 New Follower, 6 Replies. See yours with
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. (OK hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
[FOTO (camera)]180418 JAPAN OFFICIAL (right arrow) FANMEETING Vol.4 'Happy Ever After' en Tokyo -SUGA- &gt;&gt;AgustD Cr.
Chadwick Boseman plays Black Jeopardy as Black Panther's T'Challa (face with tears of joy)
Not bad (winking face)
Why am I so weak at this (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Like the man wasn’t dealing with enough already (sleepy face)
Drying these beauties for a special project (fallen leaf) @ Lyall Bay
Having to pretend everyone’s jokes about how much they’re spending is funny (grimacing face)
THIS IS GOLD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Just watch black dude face the whole time (face with tears of joy)
Or “do you want a hug” (disappointed face) like no you just made everything worse !
Or “do you want a hug” (disappointed face) like no you just made everything worse !
One from the talented years ago (folded hands) (medium skin tone)Check out her page!
I admire for all my life, she is the piece of my wonders. (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyesrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowstar) (glowing stardizzysparklesdizzysparkles)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Thanks for following! Please check out my VEVO music video (fire) + my Blind Audition single…
Lebron be like... (face with tears of joy)
Your so C L O S E TO ME !! And it’s C L O S E TO album time (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
Paul's brother (loudly crying face):Japan:
....smh the shots this dude makes are unreal. Complete monster. Say what you want about him...best on the planet (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
🅲🆄🆂🆃 (O button (blood type))🅼 🆂🆈🆂🆃🅴🅼 (O button (blood type))🅵 🆃🅷🅴 🅳 (A button (blood type))🆈 I am not sure who the creator is, but this with a beautiful (but unusual)
 (SOS button)MY VERY LAST CHANCE (SOS button) (smiling face with heart-eyes)A ONE YEAR OLD bundle of LOVE made a KILL (bullseyeloudly crying faceloudly crying face) (broken heart)Please don’t let me DIE in (fire)HELL (fire) (skull)HELP ME LIVE (skull) (dollar banknote)PL…
What we have now (dropletrainbow)
My brotha (raised fist) (medium skin tone) miss you too B
Good night (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! (dog faceperson running)
 (face with tears of joy) (person facepalming)‍ (male sign) Pure gold...
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 2 Mentions, 8 Likes, 1 Retweet, 633 Retweet Reach, 4 New Followers. See yours with…
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 131 Mention Reach, 1 New Follower. See yours with
10 minutes away from ari’s next post (weary face)
KIM HYOYEON'S AEGYO IS THE CUTEST THING ON THE PLANET FITE ME (flexed biceps)
Omg that was so good I love him (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)vote people!!!!
Don't throw towards (locked)
we were in history today and morgan said that george washington was an immigrant (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 24 Likes, 3 Retweets, 1.21K Retweet Reach, 1 New Follower. See yours with…
My family ain’t shit (face with tears of joy)
Imma need to come to Florida . She been in Miami so many times , I’m sick! (loudly crying faceperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) so ... wahgwan sis? (thinking face)
How??? I know you got taller (thinking faceface with tears of joy)
New 5SOS Group photo (smiling face with heart-eyesblue heart)
Well, take you heads out of your butts and Open your eyes you dimwits!!!! Liberal “logic” is dumb (clapping hands) (light skin tone)
New 5SOS Group photo (smiling face with heart-eyesblue heart)
Ong teasing and imitating Jihoon's "다 내꼬" aegyo HAHAHA this boy... (face with tears of joy)
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
[TRANS] 190418 Namjoo's Fancafe Update (two hearts)
Ong teasing and imitating Jihoon's "다 내꼬" aegyo HAHAHA this boy... (face with tears of joy)
I'm gonna be a very bad girl (smiling face with horns) I want cock so I'm gonna ride it for my premium members Tonight! You don't want to miss th…
Y’all must be erectile dysfunction (frowning face) (fried shrimp) cause I ain’t see any of you going hard like me (smiling face with hornseggplanteyes)
Good luck to my boys this Friday in the 1st round of the playoffs! Go get em (love-you gesture) (light skin tone)
i give the same energy i receive (sneezing face)
The true meaning of Upgrade (beaming face with smiling eyes)
armys! please help out! it would be really nice if i would get the 3.8k rts and 1.8k likes. (purple heart) pleasee help and spread! kams…
closing the Sahara stage (raising hands)
Cali grew to 50% trump support I guess people are realizing either you’re a normal person or a dumb ass liberal (face with tears of joy)
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing). A guy shouted "will somebody stop the damn match" while War Raiders were killing their opponents
gloin &amp; growing (sparkles)
Showing some curves &amp; belly won't hurt anyone (purple heart)
Yes, we'll see those right after (grimacing face) (pile of poo)
No more blonde(ish) hair for meeeeeeee (smiling face with open handsperson getting haircut) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
army, follow who retweet this (smiling face with halo)
I hope so (two hearts) nite
WINNER was invited to perform at Korea University Sejong Campus &amp; Seoul National University Festivals (plus) Today WINNER was appoin…
Why day drinking is better for hangovers (tired face)
DIRECT (antenna bars) STREAM HORNY (kiss markcinemasparkling heart) GIRL
_ (white small square) (white small square) (white small square) (white small square) (police car light)GAINING TIME (police car lightwhite small square) (white small square) (white small square) (white small square) (chequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flag) (fire)Follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes (fire)Follow Everyone who follows you (fire)Add
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
_ (white small square) (white small square) (white small square) (white small square) (police car light)GAINING TIME (police car lightwhite small square) (white small square) (white small square) (white small square) (chequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flagdashing awaychequered flag) (fire)Follow everyone who retweets &amp; likes (fire)Follow Everyone who follows you (fire)Add
The people doing are absolutely lovely, please be nice to them (smiling face with smiling eyestwo hearts)
He (clapping hands) (medium skin tone) Is (clapping hands) (medium skin tone) T A K E N (clapping hands) (medium skin tone) Back off and leave.
“Nice for what to these niggas” is really a sentence that applies to my life (loudly crying face)
Sweatpants hair tied chilling with no make up on that's when you da prettiest I hope you don't take it wrong (folded hands) (light skin tone)
 (police car light) Alabama can stop at least one execution! (police car light) By . Please check it out &amp; share it with a frien…
My week on Twitter (party popper): 2 Mentions, 2 Likes, 8 Retweets, 23.8K Retweet Reach, 2 Replies. See yours with…
Be kind. Kindness always wins (red heart)
i’m at civil war right now (grinning face with sweatbeaming face with smiling eyes)
tonight was superb! One of the best so far (smiling face with heart-eyes) The entertainment level of this serial is so damn high! scenes a…
Think twice before you say “Beat it up Daddy”
I might be going to L.A California for my Birthday!!!!! (face blowing a kissupside-down face) Just don't know how i'm getting there..... (worried facecamera)
I really be curving everybody just to come home to nobody (face with tears of joyface with tears of joycrying face)
It would be an honor to own an authentic letter handled and written by my hero, Abraham Lincoln! (smiling face with smiling eyestop hat)
:keycap_1::keycap_1: years ago :Argentina: Leo Messi did this for (clapping hands)...
 (downwards button)Meet with Me at (downwards button) (fast-forward buttongrowing heartEND arrowlast track button) porn Big sex nudism xxx Y Wives nsfw Susi video Bfs Like
Think twice before you say “Beat it up Daddy”
why i laugh so hard (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Drama's and movie's too~ (face with tears of joygrinning face with sweat)
ew. well done, why don't we just feed you leather instead (face vomiting) — do not judge me. i am just a coward
Reposting (fire)COMICS FOR SALE (fire)Check out eBay for the latest comics I am selling. (police car light) MEGA HOT KEYS!!
What a good boy (smiling face with smiling eyesheart with arrow)
DIP N DOTS FOUND DED! Look was inspired by painting (smiling face with smiling eyes)
thank u (red heart)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
 (red heart) being the ugly sister
It would be an honor to own an authentic letter handled and written by my hero, Abraham Lincoln! (smiling face with smiling eyestop hat)
damn my baby is the best @ this (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) we goin to PROMMMM (smiling face with heart-eyes)
EXO-CBX 'Blooming Days (sunflower)' - The 2nd Mini Album enter in the Highest First Week Sales of All time (optical disk) in Hanteo Chart (clapping handsparty popper)
Hey Drew, We get it... You forgot who is so here's a quick refresher (smiling face with smiling eyesschool)
Happy birthday little angel (smiling face with halored heart) I Love You (red heart) (face blowing a kiss) (red heart)
..cute (grinning face with sweat)
Music video almost at 10k (rocketrocketrocket) run up them comments, and likes!
This is why you don’t try to end a season with a cliffhanger... series could’ve been way better tho (upside-down face)
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor (face with tears of joy)
Follow this amazing girl right here!! You won’t be disappointed. She just made this new account. Show some love! (red heart)…
Take a look at ABC Gluten free (trade mark)'s events on Livestream
We need more votes here mon (ballot box with ballot)
 (grinning face with smiling eyes) wish I’d said that.
RT (counterclockwise arrows button) for a chance to win a FREE WEEKEND BRUNCH-FOR-TWO with - Winner announced Friday. Gooood luck (vulcan salute)
 (grinning face with smiling eyes) wish I’d said that.
Looking forward to being back on the road tomorrow. Hope to see you in: (right arrow)Dallas, Thursday at 6:00 p.m. (The Rustic, 3656 H…
 (fire) HUGE 1K Followers GAW (fire) (repeat button) rt &amp; like (red heart) (fast-forward button) 33 Winners (fast reverse button) (Prizes In Picture) Be Following:
180418 Happy Ever After preview (two hearts) (rabbit facered heart) (tiger face)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyzany facetropical drinkcocktail glassrolling on the floor laughingbeaming face with smiling eyes)Let's Go Girl,,,, (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
way to go (grinning squinting facegrinning squinting face)
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time (revolving hearts)
Who needs a daily dose of COME HERE!! Do read the instructions on proper streaming~~ (tulip) …
I just opened this box that my fans put 2gether and brought 2 me in paris. Im in tears you guys. The amount of (red heart) u give…
I’m slow I get lost at Sweeny (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) …
Por favor Little Jesus (smiling face with heart-eyes)
I am going to do everything I ever said I wanted to do. If it fails oh well (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) on to the next. I rather die trying t…
Making another baby tonight (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
30 minutes after a W and we still arguing, wouldn’t change them for the world tho (red heart)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Reposting Where do I even begin... (smiling face with heart-eyes) - - - -
Pug Love is never enough (smiling face with open handsred heart) (sparkles)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
whenever namjoon does (grinning squinting face)
O’Reilly and McDavid went to visit the Humboldt Broncos in the hospital, stick tap for these two (ice hockey) …
 (face with tears of joy) so true
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
In Roseville and my car overheated (unamused face)
C'mon now, (face with tears of joy)
has got some moves (woman dancing)
What we have now (dropletrainbow)
 (skullskull) we was on this first
“Don’t Leave Me” “Go Go” “Let Go” “Best Of Me” &amp; “DNA” charting at No. 7, 44, 78, 83 &amp; 93 on Streaming Songs chart. (clapping hands) “…
Me flipa. (rose)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
Magic happens at night and in the alley's fountains (sparkles):Morocco: (palm treewinking facepurple heart)
 (police car light)CALLING ALL HUMANZ (police car light) We need YOUR vote. The Gorillaz app has been nominated twice for Best Music App and Be…
I didn’t know becoming a lifeguard was so fucking difficult (face with tears of joy)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
ayyy stop w this, this too cute bro (crying face)
Johntavius done ran off with the mic again juhjgjfhdui is Nicki seeing this shit (weary face) he tryna wrap her inches around his fist (loudly crying face)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
I haven't. That's why I follow your charts (grinning face) your tweets really help trade on shorter time frames.
Thoughts and prayers with the Popovich family (folded hands)
We need at least 8,000 ARMYs to do at least 25 proper Shazams (clear data in between next (cyclone)) once the title track comes o…
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (dove)Wings of freedom،،،
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
i badly need to surrender you hahaha (relieved face)
This kid had his first T-Ball game and peed while he was on second base (face with tears of joy)
Ima do them exactly how they did me (smiling face with horns)
I wonder if anyone from uni who I’m not proper friends with has stalked me on Twitter (new moon face)
The Pens are kicking butt tonight! 4-0 by 4 different Pens! (penguinice hockeypenguinice hockeyblack heartyellow heart) Wow is right!
Lolu is actually cuter in person (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Raise your plants in the air like you just don't care! (seedling) How to win all 7 flavors of ENLIGHTENED crisps: 1. Like this p…
It’s not healthy how much I love chun-li &amp; Barbie tings (sneezing face)
I wish periods &amp; pregnancy on niggas in the near future (crossed fingers) (medium-dark skin tone)
Oh hey!! (waving hand) (light skin tone)
I gota feelin about this birthday weekend (smirking face)
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
I been NORTH (up arrow) [up] Lara been Croft Plates say Drop da Benz off
I’m thinking Dunkin (smiling face with smiling eyes)
they (sleeping face) bros
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
He bought me the same vans because the ones I had were my favorite but they got messed up (crying facered heart)
This baby is THRILLED the dog's playing hide-and-seek with him (face with tears of joy) (via
This was AMAZING (smiling face with heart-eyes). You both have beautiful voices (star-struck)
Thank you! (revolving hearts)
Recent click wow (firefire)
wow. the bricks alone (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Tuesday: Jerk wit a kick sumn seriousss (sneezing facecrying face)
Keep it (moai)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
SIMPLEST WAY TO GAIN JUST DO THIS (backhand index pointing down) 1. Retweet 2. Retweet again 3. Follow all 4. Follow back LETS DO THIS
I Want Pizza Real Bad (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
We need at least 8,000 ARMYs to do at least 25 proper Shazams (clear data in between next (cyclone)) once the title track comes o…
THIS FRIDAY (skull and crossbones) (rose) Pre-save (right arrow)
bangs or not, high pony tail Mina should happen more often (folded hands)
When u drink ice cold water and you can feel it traveling to your stomach (weary faceOK hand) (light skin tonesweat dropletseyes)
Loved that line...Luda, right (thinking facesmiling face with sunglasses)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Love might be injured (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) he only rolled his ankle tho lebron gonna play the whole 3rd
 (firefirefirefirefire) Making history
New (fire) music announcements means new reasons to be excited. (musical note) (minus) No Tears Left to Cry (April 20) (musical note)
— ash grey (sparkles)
i'm happy bro i cannot front (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (grinning squinting face)
Man is it me or all the games in these playoffs lit af (hundred points)
yet yep!!!!! (flexed bicepsflexed bicepsflexed biceps)
As many times as cam tells me he loves me I swear I melt everytime (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Ya es la *You know you love me, xoxo. (kiss mark)* hora.
Retweet if you’re broke and want free makeup. I’ll surprise people all day long (sparkles)
lmaoo the hat is awesome &amp; i told u this pic would come in handy one day (love-you gesture) (medium skin tone)
The Time is NOW, America! (six o’clock) :United_States: (pushpin)Stop the Coup (pushpin) (pushpin)Support the Constitution (pushpin)Support our (pushpin)
J. Cole is releasing Drake is releasing Future is releasing Kanye is releasing . . What a time (revolving hearts)
Good morning! (sun with face)
"The Doctor's Slave" (person bowing) Lights, camera, Action! P A R T 7 Pagalingin na natin tong pasyente ko.. Note: Pure FUN an…
Hala! May bagets! As in bagets (face with tears of joy)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Well played, - tonight's Man of the Match (raising handsclapping hands)
Happiness means (smiling face with heart-eyeskissing face with closed eyes)
Honestly. Truly. (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Q isso Juan (red heartred heartred heart)
NEW VIDEO: JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE WROTE HIS NEW ALBUM ON MUSHROOMS (dizzy)rt for a follow (dizzy)
Iphone: Reconnecting Me: Perfect time to hang up (grinning face with sweat)
I hate when jesenia goes to school &amp; Sierras not at my house like wtf (unamused face)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
So, a disgraced FBI director, a washed up journalist and an elderly porn star walk into a bar ....... (face with tears of joy) barkeep asks...…
180317 Got7 Mini Fanmeeting. https://…
 (cityscape at dusk) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
They have one in college Station (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets (sparkler)
You spelled it wrong (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Ratio, not ratio. (rolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingface with tears of joy)
Good morning! (sun with face)
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear (raising hands) htt…
 (bell) [ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] (ten o’clock) as of 1:00 - 2:00 AM KST (two o’clock) (backhand index pointing right) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. : 130.7k (person running) 2. G…
 (cityscape at dusk) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
“Sarvani” generally means Goddess Durga, complete, or universal (sparkles)
yEEESS (clapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin tone) ahre
RT for goodluck (grinning face with smiling eyes)
RT for goodluck (grinning face with smiling eyes)
drops the cover art and tracklist for (raising handsraising hands) Peep (backhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing down)
YAY!! I’m so proud of you!!! (purple heart)
Here is as if he were a Disney Character! Thank you I absolutely love it! (red heart)
EXO isn’t treating us like we’re just their fans. They are treating us like we are their family, and girlfriends (smiling face with smiling eyes)
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
THE LAIR IS NOT IN MIAMI DOUBLE A SIDE IS HERE (round pushpin) S/O ENJOY THE VIBES (dizzy)
Lady Gaga spilled water over my modular system (sweat droplets)
Sensei Fwea Mixtape Release Party. Powered By M O V I E (movie camerafire)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Wasn’t really able to breathe comfortably not knowing .. Thankyou (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
Greg Popovich’s wife passed away today (pensive face) Prayers up for Greg and his family (folded hands)
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) gone Deana fr. I’m not about to start w you. I’m tired from work bye (face with tears of joy)
 (downwards button)Date with Me at (downwards button) (hundred pointshot springsstarcollision) porn foot sex Just xxx Abi Gotham nsfw Art video Edward Deutsche
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day (face with tears of joy)
Jackson drives me mad (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
Amazing! (raising hands) (medium-light skin tone)
Good morning (kiss mark)
Retweet if you’re (fire) horny too! (red heart)
y’all my cute ass friend needs a cute prom date (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) ages 20-21 hit my dms
So pleased with how these turned out!! (loudly crying facetwo hearts)
mood = take his money and run (nail polish) (medium-light skin tone)
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Saw this online and felt the need to share it. (red heart)
Omg Coach Pops while (broken heart)
( (red heart)) ‘Leader Line’ Dispatch x Naver
 (police car light) Hillary Rodham Clinton has been officially referred for investigation for violating federal law 52 USC 30121 &amp; 52 USC 3010…
“All Cancer” featuring outNow (fire) CLICK LINK &amp; RT (hundred points)
why is my bf so clingy today tho (upside-down face)
Morning... (sunsetsunsetsunset)
 (basketball) RT &amp; FOLLOW If gets a TRIPLE DOUBLE, one of you are getting a (fire)HARDEN JERSEY (firefirefire) WIN $1,000,000…
Y’all this is why I love Savannah so much (heart with arrow)
Thanks DancerByi (watermelon) for the follow! Look at my reviews, . Send job details to…
So proud! (two heartstwo hearts)
Me Hot (girlsmiling face with open hands)
The uprise and downfall(?) of reselling streetwear. (chart increasingchart decreasing) What is happening to the current market and culture? Our first…
Sober date ideas! (sparkles)bowling (sparkles)shoplifting (sparkles)cut off thumbs and switch to other hand/sew on new thumb (sparkles)shit ur pants (sparkles)127 Hour…
my barber go crazy (fire)
Very true. Safe spaces for protection!!!! (smirking face)
i did not (anxious face with sweat) i stopped after longguo because then the album came out and everyone (including me) has…
Gimbssss! I mean your phones gone in that water (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) there’s no way in hell youre getting it back (face savoring food)
I need a beer or like a hundred (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (clinking beer mugs)
let my man do some shit like this (drooling face), we going home right then and there. (skull)
Follow all who like and (horse)
We in the same mf boat (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Got Carried through the EE like.... Preciate the Zombie (collisionskullwater pistolheart with arrow) Shadowed Throne (crown)
Follow all who like and (horse)
2018 and commit last night against Daleville 5 IP, 4 H, 1 ER, 1 BB, 11 K (eyes), 1 HBP. 1-4 and 1 R…
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Boys are so nasty. Always (dashing away)farting &amp; shit (face with rolling eyesface with tears of joyface with medical masknauseated face)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
How tf catch me outside girl get in a category with Cardi and Nicki (thinking face)
Like you white, what you so mad about ? (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Yasss for another Taurus (Taurus) (love-you gesture) (medium-dark skin tone)
ARMY, let's keep voting for ! (flexed bicepspurple heart) (glowing star) Voting is unlimited so vote as much as w…
Prince fans are the sweetest! (purple heart) We are having so much fun at the Prince Symposium.
I said I would bring I never said it would be that the people wanted (winking face)
EDSON BARBOZA DOES IT AGAIN! Flash (BACK arrow) to March 2017 when added another clip to his highlight reel.
ah yes earlier today when i was ghosting i saw ppl mentioning lace, cough up the pics (face with steam from noseface with steam from noseface with steam from nose)
he so ignorant but his shit bang (crying face)
Smooth af (clapping hands) (light skin tone)
Lol ikr (face with tears of joy)
The brother graduated the law enforcement academy today (double exclamation mark) Expecting…
ok girl, I see you. (smiling face with heart-eyes) or rather, I hear you!!! (two hearts)
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
All Sonic Ships are Valid All Sonic Ships are Beautiful Love is Love (sparkling heart)
Uh I take it no pedicure? What is up with the Rosanne socks? (flushed face)
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. (fire) (firefire)
Very descriptive (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Want her like she’s mad gorgeous (weary facesmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
help me out and I’ll get you you a bowl ? (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (face with tongue)
So sweet (smiling face with heart-eyes)
You like dogs? (dog face) • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
Bottom with them thick azz thighs.. (persevering face)
So sweet (smiling face with heart-eyes)
All Sonic Ships are Valid All Sonic Ships are Beautiful Love is Love (sparkling heart)
180418 BTS Japan Fanmeeting Vol.4 - Jimin photo cards (purple heart) Cr. 什么都有_
EVERYONE PLEASE RETWEET THIS (black heartblack heartblack heart)
My mother in law. Friends in low places. (face without mouth)
Let's do this, ! (red heart)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
: (eyes) (tongue) If you want followers ➊ Retweet &amp; like this (check mark) ➋ Follow all who RT &amp; like (check mark) ➌ Followback everyone (check mark) Turn my notification…
 (robot) I found this a really interesting perspective. (robot)
when ur friend tells you to check out the BetterMe app, and you know what they really tryin to say (hot beverage) (frog)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) the kids now a days are so much better than us
his other peoples got sentence like 80-100 years like damn (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy). him and rowdy got sentenced 7
Took me forever but finally (sleeping face)
Messy ass Angela spilling tea. (eyes)
What we have for all two Puzzles (dropletrainbow)
Yo this man Kanye is on a roll, he just shittin out motivation (double exclamation mark) (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
151108 (copyright) proofer, eternal summer
Does anyone know where I can get more graduation tickets??? Before my mom and dad whoops me for not figuring it out.... (unamused face)
Again (smirking facesmirking face) BTS at fansign Now with lucky fans ,hand by hand ,face by face , talking…
It started with a tweet (globe showing Americas)platform to support our health services while creating community value (light bulb)grateful…
No stopping that (smiling face with heart-eyes) JDF (red heart)
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) top 3 worst shoes ever
Me on the outside vs me on the inside (honeybee)
RT: Reston Community Center for (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
The is back! (skull and crossbones)
Can we pull a goalie from the crowd? I think we’d have a better chance of winning... (person shrugging)‍ (male sign)
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Leo’s are way to much to handle (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Leo’s are way to much to handle (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
One of our admin will be giving away sticker and photocards during (crown) Further announcement will be out soon (sparkling heart)…
— day 108 of 365 days [ (love letter)] i love u do much.
Breathe me by sia came on my pandora. Had me thinking about my bestie (two hearts)
Prayers up to coach Pop and his family (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Yes indeed. We should be running the franchise. (winking face with tongue)
Thank you Keya (smiling face with smiling eyesface blowing a kiss) cause i really didn’t wanna go into hiding lmao
Yes indeed. We should be running the franchise. (winking face with tongue)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
Today delivery (smiling face with sunglasses)
Here's The best and FREE to join gay dating Service online: CLiCK &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; (smiling face with heart-eyes)…
Don't Worry Elf Fam we have 2 ahjummas who will scold antis and haters.. Choose ur fighter (face with tears of joy)
Much love to everyone in this (growing heartgrowing heart)
He was like WAIT WHAT ? (weary faceface with tears of joy)
DAMN BETTY (red heart) (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Thank you for your service. (red heart):United_States: (thumbs up) (medium-light skin tone)
Leather symphony (firefirefirefire)
 (SOS button) VERY URGENT 99849A-D MOMMA &amp; 4 puppies need a loving home fast (broken heart) just look at this adorable family (paw printssmiling face with heart-eyes) plz…
 (folded handsfolded hands) The Left say that a fetus is just clumps of cel…
Real shit (face with tears of joy)
A belated happy birthday from me, you certainly had lovely weather for it (tropical drink)
THIS IS GOLD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Paul George arrives for Game 2 in OKC coming off of 36 PTS, 8 3PM in Game 1! (basketball): x (alarm clock): 8:00 PM/ET (television): ht…
Love you too (syringeflexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone) Keep Grinding This yo year (zipper-mouth face)
Greenhouse activities (herb)
She ride me like a porn star (smirking face)
LeBron scored 13 points before anyone else on either team scored (flushed face)
Wouldn’t it be great if we would only have to exercise to reach your fitness goals! (smiling face with open hands).…
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. (fire) (firefire)
 (grinning face)Excited about my new cover with for (camera with flash)
Lady in red... (musical notemusical note)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
min yoongi hasn't even tweeted for more than a month wdym (moai)
Bounce life on a (rolling on the floor laughing) (Via Instagram/bigfreedia)
Dawg my hair finna take sooooo long to grow out (weary face)
Couldn’t fit the whole thing but Can’t help falling in love (growing heart) With our little group in Ramettes
girl who pierced her own septum: (chainswilted flowerblack heartskull and crossbones) me: how u just say that out loud
Solid night!! Thanks Check them out on spotify guys!! (sparklessparkles)
The Professor of Puck, is back with another episode to explain the meaning of some classic hockey slang. (open book)
Hey you lose some you gain some thank you everyone for sticking around with me (beaming face with smiling eyessmiling face with sunglassesraised fist)
 (cookie) Geek out with some nerdy fangirls
army, follow who retweet this (smiling face with halo)
Going on two trips to the beach with my girls this summer and I AM SO EXCITED!! (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Bumping for tonight’s game (wolf) (basketball)
New (fire) music announcements means new reasons to be excited. (musical note) (minus) No Tears Left to Cry (April 20) (musical note)
If You Still Remember this song Akon - Lonely (cocktail glasswinking face)
Bumping for tonight’s game (wolf) (basketball)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Bumping for tonight’s game (wolf) (basketball)
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
I miss you Dora :( (spider)
FACTS (clapping handsclapping handsclapping handsclapping hands)
INST: ' (seedling)'
My week on Twitter (party popper): 19 Mentions, 1.85K Mention Reach, 18 Likes, 4 Retweets, 6.12K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
Over today (upside-down faceupside-down face) I just want to be cuddled (loudly crying face)
This is me as a gf (upside-down face)
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. (OK hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
Be careful w me (sparkles)
The ending gets me (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
I knew it was ya accent and I’m not even from NY (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
There are always better roads bay. Laban ra (OK handflexed biceps)
IM LOSING IT (winking face with tongue)
Mannn, Imma miss the boys! Great seeing the EastSideFam all together for the last time (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone) Thanks for everythi…
Morphe 35R palette + Morphe 35W palette, must be following me to enter (sparkles)
Okay but 2Seok is the most funniest duo (grinning face)
Mannn, Imma miss the boys! Great seeing the EastSideFam all together for the last time (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone) Thanks for everythi…
holy quality (face with open mouth)
This is truly amazing. IGOT7 are the best. (green heartclapping hands) …
*** GO FOLLOW (backhand index pointing right) Sites (backhand index pointing right) …
“ Friends come in all shapes, colors, and sizes. (red heart) ”
 (heart with arrowheart with arrowtwo heartstwo heartssneezing facesneezing facesneezing facelove letterlove letter) you are too lovely
That don’t mean you a boss tho (face with monocle) you just an independent worker
Lmao! Okay that made me laugh (face with tears of joywinking face with tongue)
thanks tay!!! so excited (heart with arrowheart with arrow)
carpe diem (writing hand) (medium-dark skin toneeagle)
Tribute for my sexy girl (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) www mycumshotoasis com brother rapes sister and cums inside her pussy
Why am I always showering at 3am im gonna be ugly again without my beauty sleep (face with rolling eyes)
lmao (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceperson facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) i’m ashamed
Cookie tryin' so hard to act casual. (face with tears of joy)
I second that emotion!! Wow Drew!! You are incredible Plus... (horse face)
Haha that could always work too (grinning face with smiling eyes) I take my selfie sticking very seriously (winking face)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) fuck you
They're free if you buy a pack of cigarettes (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Haha that could always work too (grinning face with smiling eyes) I take my selfie sticking very seriously (winking face)
Cut photos. (smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
 (balance scale) Kobach in Contempt Of Court (double exclamation mark)People were supposed to be notified by order of Judge. (memo) Kobach did not notify the…
Hey! (victory hand) Download a new cool game Flip the Gun! It's hilarious!!! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) Download Flip the Gun FOR FREE right now! (firefirefiresmiling face with heart-eyesbackhand index pointing right)
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be just like moments passing in front of me (musical notes)
But ya wouldn’t understand . (bust in silhouette)
Once I get into my "IDGAF MOOD" I honestly shut down .. attitude be on 10 (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Poor Pop.. (sleepy face)
Tuesday: Jerk wit a kick sumn seriousss (sneezing facecrying face)
Follow everyone who retweets this. (star)
Them niggas be all ova u or sum (thinking face) You regular-degular to me or sum (person shrugging) (dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (thought balloonlitter in bin sign) Bitch show u all bout me for sumn (rolling on the floor laughinglove-you gesture) (dark skin tonehundred points)
New (fire) music announcements means new reasons to be excited. (musical note) (minus) No Tears Left to Cry (April 20) (musical note)
If this ain't the most millennial tweet (face with tears of joy)
 (megaphone) [Sub Español] BTS - Burn the Stage Ep. 5 (megaphone) Dailymotion: …
 (camera with flash) VIXX teams up with DAZED magazine in latest pictorial~!
Catching all my staIkers (face screaming in fear)Search InstantReport in the App Store!
 (police car light) SIDNEY CROSBY BURIES ONE WHILE NEUVIRTH WAS LOOKING THE OTHER WAY! 4-0, PENS! That’s the Captain’s fifth goal and ninth p…
FIGHT FOR MY WAY! (smiling face with sunglasses)
Doesn’t it feel good to know spanish and being capable of understanding funny ass shit like this (skull)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
The Korver Kounter is out in full force! (fire) (fire) (fire) (fire)
I swear my tolerance for bs is at an all time low. One wrong move &amp; I'll cut you off like you never existed. Try me (OK hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
Around this time last year I’d be at the pour house for taco Wednesday but now I have nobody to go with (pensive face)
Transage isnt transgender or transfluid (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) it's identifying as another age, and all of these pictu…
Niggas won’t text u all day then hit u randomly like Wyd , losing feelings nigga wym (weary faceface with tears of joy)
Worldwide Album Sales: (globe showing Americas) Bruno Mars — “24K Magic” This Week: 25,000 Total Sales: 4,406,000
My (beating heart) JG
I want a gray one sis thanks in advance (person cartwheeling) (dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
back at it again (smiling face with heart-eyesloudly crying face)
i wouldn’t risk it (face with hand over mouth)
BESSSSS YOUR JACKET OMG (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Amazing show in last night, But your bed shouldn't be a (bed) Let us know when you’re read…
My (beating heart) JG
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
Much love for Sweden (red heart):Sweden:
New Jurassic World trailer (T-Rex)
ooooo lookin' good (revolving hearts)
Lol really don’t know who else would deal with me and my shenanigans lmao Cj is erthangggg in a bag of chips G (new moon face)
you can not let what you go through define who you are (hundred pointssparkles)
Her husband (tired facetired face). She loss too much weight and he wasn't having it..
180418 "Radio Star" Junhyung Cut Yong and 10cm Hyung had to make an eye contact with each other for 10 seconds (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) MC : Hyu…
Ya know we just where it’s at (smiling face with halo) everyone go out and get you a Leo (two hearts)
SOVAS (trade mark) Presents the Greatest Audition of All Time! 2 Voice Actors (F/M) will be selected in this nationwide SAG/AFTRA audit…
180419 [SCHEDULE] (radio) appearance on Choi Hwajeong's Power on SBS Radio @ 1PM KST *Tune on 107.7 Power FM* (memo)
This has some great fashion advice!!! It includes everything from jewelry to shoes!!! Lot's of good tips!!! (smiling face with open handsbikinidresshigh-heeled shoewoman’s boot)…
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game (firefirefire)
The world has gone to shit but it's OK because someone has done this to their hedge in Finsbury Park. (elephant)
I’m going to hell and Rosas following (skullskull)
 (rose)Any feedback is appreciated! (rose)
Dream. 2~. 1 from my cuz. 1 from my father . (folded hands) (medium-light skin tonefolded hands) (medium-light skin tone)
 (warning)Do NOT buy more than 5 albums per Amazon account. It will be considered a bulk buy and will not count towards Billboard.…
has won the Best Idol Actor for 13th Annual Soompi Awards (confetti ballparty popper) (tiger face)…
Find Someone ... (smiling face with heart-eyes) Who Look at You ... As She Looked at me ... (red heart)
Thank you (kiss mark)
I need a friend like cookie. That’s a real bitch (crossed fingers) (medium-dark skin tone)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Damn not sure Sid ever got that baton back (face with tears of joy)
Mandem want to know his final judgement (face with tears of joy)
The snippet hit 200K views in less than 2 hours (collisiondroplet)
We the Dream Chaser NCT 2018 'Black on Black' (clapper board)Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST) https…
I'm the type of person you can fuck over so many times and I'll still be here. (hundred pointsspeaking head)
Thank you (kiss mark)
Y'all ever just thought to yourself like "Damn, I'm really a human. I really exist. Like I'm actually real." (face with tears of joy) It's so crazy.…
"I'm conflicted. If Kim Jong Un has Trump killed during his visit, do we retaliate or thank him?" ~ Adam Brown (face with open mouth)
We officially have over 9000 followers... As always, thanks everyone! (face with tears of joy)
Who needs a daily dose of COME HERE!! Do read the instructions on proper streaming~~ (tulip) …
Deep truth right here. (fire)
Relationship goals (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
Don’t accept bread from people who will brag about feeding you, the next day. (clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands)
RT: Little Run ES for at Royal Cyber Club (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
Nerf double shotgun? omegaLUL nerf triple shotty (face with tears of joy)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
Congrats to one of my most famous followers! (even if he does follow nearly a million people (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (face with tears of joy))…
RT: Little Run ES for at Royal Cyber Club (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
 (star)SHOP OPENING GIVEAWAY (star) BTS LOVE YOURSELF TEAR ALBUM GIVEAWAY 4 WINNERS! -Free worldwide shipping -Included photocard…
my shoes cameee (smiling face with heart-eyes)
After my CLOSEST friend switched up, I realized I cant trust a SOUL (red exclamation mark)
My loves (red heart)
You gotta be mad as hell to wanna take a nigga tint off (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
4th muster in vs 4th muster in Korea Japan (growing heartred heartdog facetiger facerevolving hearts) (skull and crossbonesskullskull and crossbonesheart suitheart suit) (blue heartgrowing heartsparkling heartgreen heartpurple heart) (bombcollisionbombgem stonespade suit)…
Thank you so much for sharing this! Heartwarming. (smiling face with smiling eyestwo hearts)
Soon as I find that one , they gone be my lockscreen, header , allat (drooling face).. Wanna show my baby off
we da best (zany face)
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (cat face)
 (herb)Danik’s moving castle (herb)
Rise &amp; shine ARMY! It’s that marks another KST morning spent with you to vote (purple heart) Voting can get difficult at…
I do this solo shit everyday ain’t nobody gotta fwm (shushing facemoney baghundred points)
Yo count me in. I will be the random guy with the shaker smiling (rolling on the floor laughingzany face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
History was made one month ago when won the FIRST EVER banked slalom Paralympic GOLD! (clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands)
16 straight points for
Please support ARMYs in Latin America (purple heartred heart)! Vote for using the hashtags
So is yours!!! (unamused face)
Boomerang [1] Ranbir Kapoor at the ASFC photoshoot. (smiling face with heart-eyes)
My timeline is flooding with Go Fighting! (smiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open hands)
Stalkers and trolls.... Watch me do it while you scroll!!! (face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughing)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Bitch why didn’t you say anything (enraged faceface with symbols on mouth)
M I N G (smiling face with open handscat face)
this couple had THREE sets of twins &amp; a lil girl (flushed facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
If my weed not this loud ion want it (loudly crying faceP button)
ALREADY (ear)
alright twitter, can ya do your thing and help your girl out? i need 99K retweets!! please!! (beaming face with smiling eyes)
Omfg ew wtf is that twink in the pictures (face with tears of joy)
ISSA PARTY BEFORE YA LEAVE (face savoring food) GONE GET YA TICKETS (love-you gesture) (medium-dark skin tone) https:/…
True beauty (raising handsunicornsparklessparkles)
are playing dirty. (face with symbols on mouth)
Uh oh! waiting to hear who you knocked up and had an abortion with. (zany face)
RIP Mrs. Pop (sad but relieved facesad but relieved face)
‘Love Yourself: Tear’ by is available to preorder on Amazon if you haven’t pre-ordered yet! :United_States:/:Canada:ARMYs, purchas…
They have a yoga class that you do with goats and I wanna do it so bad (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
not disturb (grinning face with sweat)
The best motherly advice (cherry blossomcherry blossomcherry blossomcherry blossom) Love the mother daughter duo, Dolly and Meera (sparkling heart)
TOMORROW - April 19th The Show! (television): 8pm ET | NFL Network
These colors look eerily familiar (eye)
NOBODY touchin me, and thats word to ya mothersssssss (winking face with tongue)
Barcelona, Spain :Spain:
 (shooting star)Giveaway (shooting star) Giving away 2 GA EDC Tickets 1. Must be following to Win 2. RT and Fav this Tweet 3. Tag a Friend who hasn'…
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
Twitter never forgets (grimacing face)
Expect the unexpected even from Sr1… (face with crossed-out eyes)
Imagine the face on, well, all the old white guys (face with tears of joy)
(shen yue's a love so beautiful co-star) weibo update! (party popperballoon) https:/…
I love you ! (face blowing a kiss)
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
Happiest birthday, ! God bless you always! (folded handsyellow heart) CTTO
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
I never heard of you before but I played your album yesterday and it was really good Hope all is well (gem stone)
Welcome now ! You guys did great last hour, let’s keep the hype up for this one (fire) We are bulletproof after a…
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) that’s gonna be so mf loud omg I’m dying
Cookies outfits are (firefirefirefirefire). I need to know the lipstick (lipstick) name and number she has on please. stylist. Thanks
I really like caramel macchiato. Thank you, Bomi-ya! (smiling faceblue heart)
Say it before you run of time. Say it before it’s too late. (broken heart)
Thanks lol (face with tears of joy)
TWICE(트와이스) "What is Love?" M/V 50,000,000 VIEWS (red heart) ONCE is Love (red heart) Thank You
Good morning, Star Dreamers! (grinning face)
Our members had such a blast at today with Thanks for all those swing tips, Blair. (winking face)…
S/o to all my DOMINICANS wea we attt :Dominican_Republic: YERRRRRR
[YOUTUBE (bar chart)] ARMY, "Daydream" by J-Hope is less than 50k away from reaching 50M views! Please keep streaming…
His smile when exo-l was mentioned I literally uwu-ed out loud (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ (copyright)btsvotingteam ARMY LET'S WIDE…
:United_States: iTunes US: Songs: (+20) Tell Me You Love Me *peak: (+5) Sorry Not Sorry *peak: Albums: (+28) Tell…
U KNOW I HAD TO DO IT TO EM (raised fist) (light skin tonesneezing face)
you'd be lying if you told me this 1 minute video did not make you feel some typa way.. at all. (lying facethinking face)
RT: (cityscape at dusk) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
[Article] BTS, new album becomes preorder on US Amazon (bottle with popping cork)
Give it all to God (folded hands) (medium-dark skin toneslightly smiling face)
bumkeyk started following shinee_jp_official (kissing face with smiling eyes)
 (camera) leelakoiwolff: Candice is not afraid.
My phone oddly been ringing all day...And I only spoke to Jessica and Nishia...I even ignored my momma (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
don’t threaten me with a good time (flexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone)
Do or die tonight....if anyone can force a Game 5, it's our Comeback Kids. (ice hockeygoal netduckice hockeygoal netduckice hockeygoal netduck)
Straight robbery. (face screaming in fear)
Sunshine, thanks for bringing warmth to our hearts. Happy birthday. (sun)
I'm legitimately really fucking proud of you girlll (purple heartraised fist) (medium skin toneflexed biceps) (medium skin tonefolded hands) (medium skin tonesmiling face with heart-eyesface blowing a kiss)
That’s what I thought (thought balloon)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) send a pack thanks.
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year (trophyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Goyard cost 4K (level slider)
STEVIE WOULD BE PROUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (raising handsclapping handsvictory hand)
is making history bringing countries together and making our world (globe showing Americas) a more unified place to live in!
i can’t wait for this to be my fun job i don’t care nun about it (face with tears of joyzany face)
I turn 21 in four months and I have yet to buy a lottery ticket. What’s wrong with me (upside-down face)
Poach status. (winking face) . It’s okay, nothing beats Plex!
PLEASE RT THIS!!! I NEED 350 RETWEETS TO GET THIS SHIRT (sparkling heartsparkling heart) This would mean so much to me, it takes a second to retweet (face with steam from nosetired facesparkling heart)…
As if I just ripped apart a Mustang GT in my Dodge Dakota LOL (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Thank you father for making me see today (flexed biceps) (medium-light skin tonevictory hand) (light skin tone)
 (fire)Get daily money (fire)Follow us + RT (fire)Tag your friend (money bag)The prize is Gloves Case by 169$! (hourglass not done)A winner…
Blooming days: 276k on Hanteo. (smiling face) EXOL, CBX is nominated on music shows this week. This is also the last week they are…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
LMAOOOOOOOOO IMAGINE THINKING POST MALONE IS A BETTER RAPPER THAN KENDRICK LAMAR THIS YALL WCW (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) POST DONT EVEN RAP I…
These two empower me like no other (raising hands) (light skin tonecrownraising hands) (light skin tone) Real, strong women
crying (face with tears of joy)
I’m over snow/cold/rain (tired face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Yeah Tish! Yes Queen! We’ve witnessed the birth of a star (glowing star)
BABY San Francisco: (ribbon) BABY Anniversary Classical Series (ribbon) Reservations start 4/18 (THU) (rabbit facetwo hearts) https://t…
I won’t be there long, but yes!!! I would love to see you (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
Tfw you accidentally try to make buttercream with flour. (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (revolving heartsrevolving hearts) You're my heart pride and I feel great inside. (revolving heartsrevolving hearts) Sweet dream (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Congratulations! I'm so happy for you all! Can't wait to see her! (smiling face with heart-eyes)
coming to a dm near you (loudly crying face)
 (weary face) I love you too sis. (red heart) (smiling face with open hands)
$ (kissing face)Follow me and everyone who like or retweets this.
Redux 4 is here! (party popper) Improved TypeScript definitions, bundled CJS and ES builds, better safety checks, and more small improveme…
I had a dream I got a tattoo on my thigh and it turned out ugly (loudly crying face) the whole time I was dreaming I kept saying “ thi…
Redux 4 is here! (party popper) Improved TypeScript definitions, bundled CJS and ES builds, better safety checks, and more small improveme…
Crazy baby... (grinning face with sweatrolling on the floor laughingbackhand index pointing down)
Time to deactivate my twitter (holeperson running) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
I thought she said at them bleachers too (loudly crying face) I’m mad deaf!!
Pretty animals (two heartscrown)
so, im so sorry (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
I approve of this! (thumbs up)
Paul's brother (loudly crying face):Japan:
YES. It IS THIS Beautiful! (deciduous treedeciduous treehibiscussunflowerroseroserosesun) (sun) (sun) (sun with face) (sun with face) (sun with face)
Straight robbery. (face screaming in fear)
Ariana Grande shares a snippet of ‘No Tears Left To Cry’ on Instagram! (droplet)
someone who motivates you (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
He loves bath time (smiling face with heart-eyes) and yes that tongue is always out (squinting face with tongue)
I will always Love this song. Thank you MJ for touching our hearts thru ur beautiful &amp; heartfelt music. (musical notesfolded handsvictory handsmiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
thank you nat !! (sneezing facerevolving hearts)
 (blue heart)Dab of G (green heart)
Fuckin exhausted . Can’t wait to go home and take a bath and eat my ice cream (smiling face)
Swiss proposal was the best (loudly crying facered heart) The way portraited each and every expressions​ &amp; the emotions…
I smell like smoke and ain’t get not one piece of chicken (neutral faceneutral faceneutral face) pissed.
someone who motivates you (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
I approve of this! (thumbs up)
 (love letter) The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more that plants a fire in our hearts and brings p…
I couldn’t be more proud of myself today. A true stepping stone to maturity (raising hands) (dark skin tone) I finally returned an online item I n…
Thanks for the laughs (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)you were hilarious!! Chris Farley tribute teared me up! Fucking miss that guy!!!
Dominican women still are and always will be number one :Dominican_Republic: (red heart):Dominican_Republic:
release the album (grimacing face)
Happy birthday !! (confetti ball)
I love me a mean ass nigga who sweet to me and me only (loudly crying faceweary facedrooling face)
i’m gonna dm you a pic of me when i wore glasses &amp; you’ll see why i wear contacts (face with tears of joy)
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year (trophyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Oladipo and the ＠Pacers are surging back as they cut the lead to 5 PTS! (flexed biceps)
SSSSSSSHHHHHHHHUT TF UP CASABLANCA IS ON (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Ariana Grande will be releasing a new single THIS FRIDAY Are you excited for New Music from the Po…
I'm worried about all these kids (flushed face)
Everyone needs to be aware of this special day (face with tears of joy)
We miss you more (loudly crying face)
jin honestly gives the best advice and encouragement (frowning face) bts are so lucky to have someone like him as their hyung https:…
hate sleeping late bc i usually wake up a lil bit early (confused face) good morning!!
HI EVERYONE (smiling face with open hands)!! COULD YOU HELP ME GIVE RT TO THIS TWEET??? (folded hands) I WOULD REALLY APPRECIATE IT (grinning face with smiling eyes) i love you all (sparkling heart) please rt (loudly crying facesparkling heart)…
 (thinking face) she does have her softer moments (shushing face)
I’m tellin you bruh we ahead of the game (face with tears of joy)
Gotta have faith (black heartkiss mark) Strength &amp; Peace (green heartseedling)
Prayers out to coach Pop and his family (folded hands) (medium skin tonefolded hands) (medium skin tonedisappointed face)
Part of me hopes that’s true, But part of me wants to die cause I can’t wait that long (neutral face)
You won't believe what Obama says in this video (winking face)
Huma Abedin: Hillary always says the dumbest things in interviews. James Comey: Hold my beer. (beer mug) ** Comey admits, "I'…
Eyes (red heart)
Niggas can make you feel so good yet so low (frowning face)
morning (red heart)
Thanks for the laughs (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)you were hilarious!! Chris Farley tribute teared me up! Fucking miss that guy!!!
This is :United_States:
Uhh yess (loudly crying face)
Lol them shits hard too me (hundred points)
Thank goodness! (thumbs up)
Sudden changes, learn how to adopt quickly. Have a great day! (sun with face)
By time they realize your worth.. you’ll be worth way more! (relieved facered heart)
u ever just (red heart) (heart suit) (cherry blossomhibiscusrevolving heartstwo heartshibiscusred heart) (growing heartred heart) (sparkling hearthibiscustwo heartsroseheart suit) (revolving heartsheart suit) (cherry blossomtwo heartssparkling heartred heart) (growing heartcherry blossomtwo heartshibiscustwo heartsheart suit) (heart suit) (two heartstwo heartshibiscushibiscussparkling heartred heart) (growing heartred heart) (two heartshibiscustwo heartsheart suit) (sparkling hearttwo heartsroseheart suit) (rosetwo heartssparkling heartcherry blossomred heart) (cherry blossomtwo heartsgrowing heartcherry blossomcherry blossomgrowing heartsparkling heartcherry blossomgrowing heart)
Lets all love and support our boys no matter how good or bad the situation is (green heart) and stay lo…
both on the right side (drooling face)
Cameron.... starting out sweet and switchin back to normal very quickly (face with tears of joy)
 (firefire) PussySyndicate (firefire)
omg i just realize how much i love kim hoseok, thank you! (loudly crying face) — THIS IS MY AGENDA
Tiffany liked &amp; comment (grinning squinting facegrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
Shhhiiiddd I know i know (weary face).
Carrie Underwood will release her sixth studio album, ‘Cry Pretty’ on Friday, September 14th! (eyessparkles) It serves as her first f…
Of his presidency? (crossed fingers)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Ariana Grande has shared a snippet of "No Tears Left To Cry" on her Instagram! (rainbow) …
Thanks for playing 's .. I Said Hi..luv it! (shark):Australia:
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
What we have now (dropletrainbow)
YALL WRONG FOR THIS (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
BLACKPINK (multiply) PUMA
im not surprised (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Carrie Underwood will release her sixth studio album, ‘Cry Pretty’ on Friday, September 14th! (eyessparkles) It serves as her first f…
congratulations on being renewed! (blue heart)
CONGRATULATIONS INPYO you are now the leader of these amazing 6 boys, i know you will lead them well, we trust you (sparkling heartsparkling heart) ht…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Cleveland is so bad without lebron Jesus (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Hakeem with the ur just a white boy amber alert rap just knocked me out (grinning squinting face)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
rest in peace bro.. you’ll be missed (red heart)
You can no longer lowkey read mine without me seeing that it’s still delivered (new moon facesmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes)
Seriously I'd be dead (loudly crying face). Or scared af and I would run away in the opposite direction because WOW, Kim Taehyung, WOW
don’t approach me.. cause ion want you wack ass men.. i’m too tuff (kiss mark)
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! (dog faceperson running)
What If I Gave Yo Pussy Away (cat with wry smile) Let Another Nigga See How It Taste. (tonguesweat droplets) Can You Imagine It All On His Face (boy) (medium-dark skin tone) Go Through My…
Follow my friend This loyal Trump Supporter will have your six! (oncoming fistsmiling face with sunglasses) https://t…
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy (purple heart)
Happy birthday Jessica &amp; trillions of best wishes. (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (rainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbowrainbow) (upside-down face)
TOP 10 - (trophy) 1 - Super Junior 126k 2 - BTS 123k 3 - GOT7 51k 4 - EXO 29k 5 - BLACKPINK 13k 6 - Wanna One 4k…
Having my grandmother talk to me through things is soothing me. (loudly crying faceraising hands) (medium skin tone) bless her
Dead ass tho (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
16 straight points for
... my feelings have magically disappeared (face with tears of joy)
He just want you to be interested and you not even giving him the time of day. Females ain’t shit pt. 2 (face with rolling eyes)
Cookie said Bo likes eating Poundcake.!!! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
im cold asfffff &amp; I’m over here eating ice cream (loudly crying face)
Good for them (face with tears of joy)
prom w my fav boy!!!! (yellow heart)
24 dayssss! (graduation capwoman) (medium skin tone)‍ (graduation capwoman) (medium skin tone)‍ (schoolparty popper)
prom w my fav boy!!!! (yellow heart)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
RT THE GIANT'S ECHO - Read the book! (right arrow)
Some beach. Somewhere. So good to be home (smiling face with sunglassesperson surfing)‍ (male sign) (love-you gesture) — at Poipu Beach Park
 (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) when will i ever (anguished face)
Jeff Bezos + RAMPAGE = (call me hand) (medium-dark skin tone) The love and respect is mutual brother. Keep inspiring the world -…
Today we went on a Haiku Hike! Using our senses for inspiration! (deciduous treetulipbutterfly)
Keep a real one wit me (crossed fingers) (medium skin tone)
This alley-oop (eyesOK hand) via
AND FOR AUTOGRAPHING YOUR PHOTO FOR MY DAUGHTER I'M A AT HEART SO THIS MEANS ALOT (red exclamation mark)…
Today we went on a Haiku Hike! Using our senses for inspiration! (deciduous treetulipbutterfly)
Goodmorning (red heart)
30% BONUS - Don’t miss your chance! (rocket) Join the 1000 early adopters:
“You either hunt or be hunted.” (black medium-small square)Revamped Account (black medium-small square)[ Reincarnated ] Hunter AU (black medium-small square)ABO - Human Omega (black medium-small square)FC: Jungkook…
Can't wait to see ya (beating heart)
Pretty little chocolate (chocolate bar)
Beard (see-no-evil monkey) ///
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
RIP ERIN POPOVICH (folded hands) Every positive thought and prayers to her husband Coach PoP... I’m sorry....:
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
When you dad would get mad af at how hype you would sing this (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
How to lose a court case in 26 seconds (skullskullface with tears of joy)
Dammm (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tone) for Pop
This woman knew she wanted to adopt a senior dog — so she found the "ugliest" one out there (red heart)
 (goat) shirt, not even close
Polvo en el cuarto (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) big tits brittany brcc reon kadena fuck movie
a goodluck for our ongcloud (face blowing a kiss) specially ong (face with tears of joy) please survive hahaha this is so cute (grinning face with smiling eyes) swear
Nice squirting action from (sweat dropletssweat dropletssweat dropletssweat droplets)
What If I Gave Yo Pussy Away (cat with wry smile) Let Another Nigga See How It Taste. (tonguesweat droplets) Can You Imagine It All On His Face (boy) (medium-dark skin tone) Go Through My…
How to lose a court case in 26 seconds (skullskullface with tears of joy)
 (ribbon) Please follow (fire)
 (middle finger) (medium-dark skin tone) 4/20, ion smoke
180408 Fan Sign (baby) miss you https:…
100% agree (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone)
I really question why I try to be nice to people (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
A bitch like me will always be good even when shit ain't good . (flexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone)
Webex Share = Chromecast 4 Business (grinning face)
180408 Fan Sign (baby) miss you https:…
Webex Share = Chromecast 4 Business (grinning face)
id take black cake and dip it in rum when my granny wasn’t looking (weary face) I was going THRU
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Short haired yeoreum is lifeuu (smiling face with heart-eyes)
waiting for you bro (flexed bicepsflexed biceps)
 (red heart) 25 of the sexiest Chivette tattoos you'll ever see this week (25 photos)
He really squared up with the cop (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Come to coffee house! It’s shall be great!! (hot beverage) Starts Info on tickets are in bio $5 in adv…
I too am this petty. (honeybeehoneybeehoneybeehoneybeehoneybee)
Thoughts and prayers out to Greg and the rest of the Popovich family. (folded hands) (light skin tone)
Me when I try to do a quick throw in and every single one of my teammates are covered (weary faceanguished facethinking face) …
The last of our backyard planter box garden. Time to plant for fall! (fallen leaf) How was…
100/10 celebration (firefirefire)
 (two hearts) spring summer 18 glasses collection feat. me (two hearts)
is SO real for having a student discount !!!! (sharksharkshark)
Exciting episode tomorrow night directed by Carrie Brownstein! 8:30/7:30c on (pig facemicroscope)
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
Don't forget to follow: (right arrow) (smiling face with sunglasses) (smiling face with heart-eyes) (dog face) (beating heart) (cherry blossom) Tag &amp; Share with your Friends (right arrow curving down) (clapper board)Direc…
Neo Culture Tech on my mind NCT 2018 'Black on Black' (clapper board)Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST)
 (hundred points) agreed Except you fo…
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
:United_States: You’re doing it wrong. :Spain: Lo estas haciendo mal. :Germany: du liegst falsch. :Mexico: No si pa’ pendejo no se estudia.
Just a man and his cat (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
Dressed up or not, I do the same (face with tears of joy)
 (sparkling heart)Additional slots for Little Loaf Illustrations ( + Free Telegram Sticker version! ) now Open! I have 6 slots left for…
LeBron scored 13 points before anyone else on either team scored (flushed face)
Linda said “ you fuckin play too much “ I laughed so hard because she’s fucking right (face with tears of joyskullskullskullskull)
If only I gave a fuck (face with tears of joy)
I'm so thankful to have loyal fans like you!! appreciates your support (glowing starpurple heart)
WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW (weary facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
Meet us at The NightLife Experience In The Detroit/Metro Detroit Area The Annex (round pushpin)This…
I have love and respect for all of you except those who are; (prohibited)dependent on a mouse in excel (prohibited)making ratchet personal…
Cause you love me (smiling face with heart-eyes)
De’arra And ken were everyones hope (person facepalming)‍ (female sign) and now ken doing exactly what Chris did to Queen..I’m just waiting on them to drop…
I been NORTH (up arrow) [up] Lara been Croft Plates say Drop da Benz off
B A L coincidence? i think not. (blue heart)
Bron got 30 in the first half (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (crown) Finish'em (firefirefirefirefire)
Top 5th. Score is zero for both teams. The and are in Puerto Rico. (baseball)
Honestly. Truly. (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
the last 2 days have been perfect days for a hammock (slightly smiling face)
LEGIIIIIIIIIIIIT (hundred pointsloudly crying face)
 (pile of poopile of poopile of poothumbs downthumbs downthumbs down)Such disrespect (pensive faceunamused face)I get so tired of hearing about ppl who can’t be fired (thumbs downthumbs down)These evil ppl who think th…
Not only does Côte d'Ivoire satisfy our collective sweet tooth as the world's largest producer of cocoa (chocolate bar), the coastal nation a…
Twitter always comes in handy when I’m around a bunch of people I don’t know (face with tears of joy)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
pls rt &amp; like my rt deal! (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)thanks if you do!
Okaaay I’m ready for prom (face with tongue)
Drop This One (star) (P button) (party popperfirefirefirefire)
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (sauropod):
HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYY (sparklesparty popper) God bless you ate girl, tca! (kissing face with closed eyes)
Congrats to these Lady Hoyas (thumbs up) (medium-light skin tone) Kira Stanley Region Champ (trophy1st place medal) 1600m event RileyPerlakowski (3rd place medal) 3rd place 1600m event h…
5000 ducks march down the street in China. Waddle we do when this Fowl play reaches America? (thinking faceflushed face)
PUBG SAVAGE MAP :D with I look like rubbish tonight (face with tears of joy) sorry guys!…
Finished commission (blue heartblue heartblue heartred heart) (red heart) (red heart)
wednesdays (two heartssparkles)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I love the new intro to your video! (heart suit)
Falling for him wasn’t falling at all. It was walking into a house and suddenly knowing you’re home (black heart)
Please take that jersey off (clown face)
So i was looking through some pictures and.. (face with tears of joy)
GNAR - FeelTheRage ft. Night Lovell + Joji ...drops tomorrow it's so fucking good ( (volcanoblack heart))*
What a year it's been for (chart increasing) She's up for FOUR this year.
I need another one (tired face)
Love the song (folded handsfolded handsfolded hands)
god is preparing me for something great, ima hold on (crossed fingers) (medium-dark skin toneblue heart)
Wednesday (winking face)
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
Look at the precious baby (tired faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying facepurple heartrevolving heartsrevolving heartsgrowing heartsparkling hearttwo heartssparkling heartgrowing heartgrowing heartbeating heartrevolving heartsrevolving heartspurple heartpurple heartred heart)
Pakistan’s great wall against Al-Qaeda (backhand index pointing down) (medium-light skin tone)
Coyote Peterson has the biggest balls of anybody I’ve ever seen. Those click bait names are deadass (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Relay for Life of Greater Omaha would like to give a huge welcome to Grandpa Chuck for signing up for our event!!! See you on July 14th (beaming face with smiling eyes)
Please bring him with you (frowning face) (red heart)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) IDC BT is THAT BITCH
Ruge, (lion)
We need at least 8,000 ARMYs to do at least 25 proper Shazams (clear data in between next (cyclone)) once the title track comes o…
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie (raising hands) few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na (smiling face)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
RT THIS (red heart) (flexed biceps) (light skin tone)
7 princes on the stage (face with tears of joyface with tears of joysmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party (loudly crying face)
Follow everyone that likes and retweets this (purple heartdizzypurple heart) Follow (backhand index pointing right) (dizzy) (collision) FOLLOW ME (collision) TURN MY NOT…
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie (raising hands) few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na (smiling face)
It’s lonely over here in round 2 (upside-down face)
snapchat finally gave a story tab again (raising hands)
Being insecure can really fk up a relationship (hundred points)
Tomorrow's episode is going to give you the giggles (rolling on the floor laughing)
Someone said dearra gone do a Medicine Remix (weary face)and call it Advil omg
Kodak Black is set to be released from jail in October. He was cleared of all gun charges (fire)
. . . (water pistol) LEFTIST GUN GRAB - PATRIOT PUSHBACK / PA SHERIFF: Pennsyl…
So i was looking through some pictures and.. (face with tears of joy)
Kodak Black is set to be released from jail in October. He was cleared of all gun charges (fire)
I am in love with David and Lisa (face with tears of joy). I have a new appreciation (red heart)
Thank you ats! (red heart)
Oh man, this is so sad (confused face)
so fluffy (dog face) (video camera) : puppy (IG)
Okay ...but they didn’t even have to do her like that lmaoooo (skullskullskull)
Living Room Shows: Austin Houston (sold out) Dallas Oklahoma City St. Louis Davenport tixxxxx (backhand index pointing right) (medium-light skin tone) …
u know I am (smiling face)
Yes true (hundred points)
Glasses up! (wine glass) . . . .
 (chequered flagchequered flag) it's the 2nd one in a row!
Tell me why this shit made me laugh LMFAO (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
COMMITTED (double exclamation mark) (dog facewhite circle) (blue circle)
She tryna tell us what we can handle after surviving a 3 month hiatus?? HA (double exclamation mark) I laugh Nic (flexed biceps) (medium skin tonerolling on the floor laughingsparklesregistered)
Mornin’ Balesin! (sun) @ Balesin Island Club
Why you always playin? Smh (person facepalming)‍ (female sign)
Slow down Jaz (full moon face)
If only there were more than two parties (thinking face)
DIFFERENT (hundred pointspolice car lightred exclamation mark) (red exclamation mark) (red exclamation mark) (no bicyclesno litteringno smoking)
I miss Gaga (crying face)
This peoples vote bullshit will only result in us getting our NO DEAL IS BETTER THAN A BAD DEAL (beaming face with smiling eyesgrinning face) the remoaners are pu…
I want fried chicken (disappointed face)
Thank you my dear friends (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts) See you tomorrow (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts) Good Night…Sweet Dreams (red heart)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
The Glazed doughnuts are on the scene for 7-Year celebration in LA! (doughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnut) …
Y'all my cousin sent me this video and I'm crying (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
Prayers up for Pop and the family (folded hands) (light skin tone)
 (sunflowersunflower)Have a great day (sunflowersunflower)
＠TheJetOnTNT literally got into the game (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy).
ion brag on my (cat face) she gone speak for herself (zany face)
Jns automotive. downloader CLICK HERE (right arrowright arrowright arrow) (left arrowleft arrowleft arrow)
If I ever have a wedding, I don’t think I’d have an open bar bc my friends don’t know how to act (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign) …
 (seedling) MINI GIVEAWAY (seedling) prize: Peripera Airy Ink Velvet rules: (rabbit face) No need to follow me (dog face) Retweet this tweet (rabbit face) NCTZEN INA ONLY (dog face)…
im not on that level (grinning face with sweat)
On a Wednesday (handshake)
my parents used to give me alcohol because I’m a sleepy drunk (weary face)
So the pink bear comes out tomorrow on fortnite and I’m 100 v bucks away (grinning facewater pistol)
imissyoutoo baby (pensive face)
Twitter thinks everything is deep (face with tears of joy)
So apparently is trending right now (eyesOK hand) (medium-light skin tone)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) wherever his playing this weekend or next weekend (smiling cat with heart-eyessmiling cat with heart-eyesraised fist) lol
Seeing it in person (drooling face)
So the pink bear comes out tomorrow on fortnite and I’m 100 v bucks away (grinning facewater pistol)
Fucking hot asf wish I was there (tonguetonguedrooling facedrooling face)
Sober date ideas! (sparkles)bowling (sparkles)shoplifting (sparkles)cut off thumbs and switch to other hand/sew on new thumb (sparkles)shit ur pants (sparkles)127 Hour…
CURRENTLY (face with crossed-out eyes)
God is necessary, not an option. (balloon)
My family ain’t shit (face with tears of joy)
I thought mine was the only one (face with hand over mouth)
You're my sunshine Jeon Jungkook. Stay healthy oppa (smiling face with heart-eyesface blowing a kiss)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 1 Mention, 1 Reply. See yours with
ICE, ICE, Baby. Thank you!! (red heart):United_States: (flexed bicepsred heart):United_States: (flexed biceps)
I thought mine was the only one (face with hand over mouth)
Thank you (crying faceheart with ribbon)
hardcore-bareback sex with Jaxton (fav hairy daddy) (drooling facesweat dropletsraising hands) (medium-light skin tonesmiling face with horns) CLICK (down arrow) for more (clapper boardno one under eighteen) …
Did the one on the left win the ugliest dog award??? (winking face with tongue)
 (police car light) Happening NOW: will be answering your questions before Cabot's return TONIGHT. Head over to our Instagra…
MORNING CRAVINGS (tired facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
too cute (smiling face with heart-eyes)
COINCIDENCE? reportedly has a Pedo (pizza)phile list that destroys So far under (backhand index pointing right)…
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
me omg (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Wise Audio (OK hand) (medium-light skin tone)
okay you’re perfect (weary face)
I want to go on a road trip (thinking face)
[FANCAM] 180418 :United_States:JFK to EZE :Argentina: by ipeung110 (fire)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
can sling 102, but he can also throw this... UNFAIR! (face with tears of joy)
Punch a if you’d use this (clapping hands) (light skin tone)
Just wake up &amp; Scentist MV trending number (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) even when youtube freeze the viewer number (face blowing a kissface blowing a kiss) good job starlight !
removing toxic people from your life is so hard but once you see your own improvements it’s all smiles from then on (smiling face)
Just stop, Coach! (grimacing face)
you are the only nsfw sebaek acc that i know, thank you for blessing my timeline, babe - (unicorn) — I am the only nsfw seb…
Tag a person who would love this (smiling face with heart-eyes) (red heart)
you are the only nsfw sebaek acc that i know, thank you for blessing my timeline, babe - (unicorn) — I am the only nsfw seb…
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
ok thank you queen (droplet)
CORY CONACHER!!!! (police car light)
Dear God, Bless the week ahead (red heart) Cover me and my loved ones with your blood and protect us from anything harmful or evil…
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
I don’t have to know a lot about autism to be a kind and compassionate human... Neither do you. (blue heart)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
Take a look at shining record at COTA :United_States: The reigning Champion is the reigning King of the
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
New Airdrop (loudspeaker) distributes 4 Tokens (~ 40 USD) (airplane) (money bag)…
Thunder Upppp (high voltage)
Humans,we all live on this tiny blue planet.We all breathe the same air,we all wish for a brig…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
 (pushpin) PREVIEW | 180418 y en Japan Fanmeeting Vol.4 Cr: HOPEYES218, jkontop970901 | ARMY Chile
I need to understand how someone can be that perfect, and kind, and humble, and everything (loudly crying facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
 (fire) Pre-order Pinky &amp; Pepper Forever now ! (fire) (paw prints) 64 pages of full color furry feelings (paw prints) (hammer) published by and debuting at…
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
 (astonished faceastonished faceastonished face) WOW WOW WOW. This is unreal!! I can’t even imagine how long it took to make her, and in such detail! This is absolut…
I’m crying (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
This is one of my favorite songs to sing in this episode (red heart)
Hello can you follow your fans RT/LIKE this tweet? BRAZIL LOVES YOU :Brazil: (smiling face with heart-eyestwo hearts)
Des Linden is the first American woman to win the Boston Marathon in 33 years. :United_States:
Detail of Guilty Party I. They’re not a set but prices discounted if sold together (red heart)
I SWEAR TO GOD (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Flattered as always to be included. Thanks Aaron. (smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
You cheated though sooooooo (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
I Just Love This Guy (backhand index pointing down) No Holds Mr. Bongino
Bruuuuh I feel this. vanilla almond milk w Honey Combs tho (fire)
Jess I love you so much you make me happy when I am sad thank you for being an amazing YouTuber. (purple heartheart suit) (purple heartheart suit)
Their friendship shines. (red heart)
dese hoes b lame &amp; dese niggas r the lamest (red exclamation mark)
My week on Twitter (party popper): 79 Mentions, 15.4K Mention Reach, 305 Likes, 66 Retweets, 52.1K Retweet Reach. See yours with…
We called a plumber and he’s so hot omg TRÁGAME TIERRA I LOOK LIKE SHIT (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
Jess I love you so much you make me happy when I am sad thank you for being an amazing YouTuber. (purple heartheart suit) (purple heartheart suit)
Hello can you follow your fans RT/LIKE this tweet? BRAZIL LOVES YOU :Brazil: (two hearts)
Proud to announce this year's Hermann Gmeiner Award winners! (fireworks)
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. (OK hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
I want to lose weight but the weight doesn’t want to lose me (face with tears of joy)
Boahh I need that nice nap and that massage like yesterday (loudly crying face)
Why would you say her name, the b gonna be all in our mentions now (loudly crying face)
Cavs aren’t shit when is on the bench (face with symbols on mouth)
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
best girls!!! (sparkles)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) TYPE BEAT
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
just got to laugh that shit off (hundred pointsOK hand) (medium-light skin tone)
 (video camera) love4thicklatinas: Xbadx_dolly bouncing everywhere
fyi, i do not know of the full story, so you can @ me if there’s something i missed out. i’m not in anyone’s side tho (call me hand) (medium-light skin tone)
Ugh, COULD YOU IMAGINE?? (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Prayers for coach pop (folded hands) (light skin tone)
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
Caption this (face with tears of joy)
That is indeed the public garden, which we will see on Friday (grinning face)
Dammit, you're definitely a Hunter with that kinda attitude (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
First one (smiling face with heart-eyesheart suit)
Playoff p (grinning face with sweat)
niggas be tryna make us look delusional when in reality they can’t leave us the fuck alone (face with tears of joyperson tipping hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
I just wanna be on BAEcation this whole summer (camera with flashsun behind small cloudpalm tree)
Your voice has become a routine (two hearts).
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Right! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) they’ll figure it out later
What's up WWE CAPE TOWN IT'S BO$$ TIME (twelve-thirty)
I'm so excited to see in a couple of minutes! (smiling face with heart-eyesweary facesparkles)
 (person running) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (dashing away) I gotta stay busy so my mind can stay off that bull (pile of poo)
I can see the family resemblance (face with tears of joyupside-down face) If you get my drift. Hope the cool stuff goes well.
the original lip gloss (person tipping hand) (medium-light skin tone)
legitimate , same day process , let's work today (hundred pointssmiling face with smiling eyes) $250 Specials All Day
Chip’s the one that needs to be “way out” (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
D-586 Really missing you and your beautiful gummy smile (loudly crying faceblossom)
· ⊹ ⋆ ✷ (growing heart) · * 𝙞 𝙡𝙤𝙫𝙚 𝙮𝙤𝙪, kyungsoo . ✵ + · . (sparkling heart) . ✷ . ⊹ ˚ (beating heart) ˚ . 𝙞 𝙖𝙞𝙣𝙩 𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙧 𝙜𝙤𝙣𝙣𝙖…
the real way to my heart (heart exclamation)
HI GUYS!!!! PLEASEEEE HELP ME (loudly crying faceloudly crying facered heart) RT THIS TWEET PLEASEEE!! (loudly crying facetwo heartsred heart) IT WOULD REALLY MEAN A LOT! (red heartred heartred heartred hearttwo heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) https://…
HELP to hit 6.0 k (red exclamation mark) SHE is greedy ! SHE is a Princess ! SHE wants to be SHE wants t…
 (clapping hands)Actions Have Consequences (clapping hands) Memphis loses $250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates…
I (red heart)Jimmy!
IFC congratulates :Fiji: on listing its sovereign on the London Stock Exchange! IFC, the and are…
“Like that but cat” crying (face with tears of joy)
 (clapping hands)Actions Have Consequences (clapping hands) Memphis loses $250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates…
awww anne, my director, my writer, since day 1 of lolo. ily, thank u so much for this. (sparkling heartloudly crying face)
More kids learning about Flint through me (flexed biceps) (medium skin toneflexed biceps) (medium skin tonesmiling face with heart-eyes)
Tryna Keep It Peaceful Is A Struggle For Me (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
 (movie camera) Day one of filming done (film frames)
i would block you, but i know you lurk on my shit &amp; i WANT you to see how good i’m doing (smiling face with halo)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Mannn the stink (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
2018.04.18 happy ever after (red heart) (man dancingred heart) (man dancingred heart) (man dancingred heart) (man dancingred heart) (man dancingred heart) (man dancingred heart) (man dancingred heart)
NCT in the house NCT 2018 'Black on Black' (clapper board)Music Video ➫ 4/19 0am (KST) https://…
 (smiling face) (revolving heartssmiling face) (revolving heartssmiling face) (revolving heartssmiling face) (revolving hearts) Are we gonna see you soon, babe?
Please help me get Niall's merch by rting this tweet. It would mean a lot to me (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) Thank you!!!! http…
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
yet another reason why y’all disgust me (face with tears of joy) foolery.
All Aboard!!! The reigning SEC Co-Player of the Week, places a single through the left side, and it’s 3-0 (tiger facetiger facetiger face)
huge (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Sister Berta Hummel Plates - In Box - at galvacrafts (smiling face with smiling eyes)
oh yahhhhh that's the spot. (cat face) (video camera): cohty_neo
i can't even believe that red velvet sunflowers exist, they're so beautiful (red heart)
All Aboard!!! The reigning SEC Co-Player of the Week, places a single through the left side, and it’s 3-0 (tiger facetiger facetiger face)
Nope...I was wanted kids and now I’m expecting my first one (pregnant woman) (light skin tone)
For all y’all that said we couldn’t... we did (double exclamation mark)
Tonight is the beginning of the end! (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Yes!! If this happens watch Michael Cohen fold like a cheap chair. (popcornpopcornpopcornpopcorn)
Time to turn off my music so I dont start humming songs in my meeting (weary face)
Shorty lost her job, got arrested, and banned from her favorite seasonless restaurant for life. I (red heart) (red heart) this song https://t…
second game (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Well hopefully now you’re done with work for the day! (crossed fingers) (medium-light skin tone)
Aww damnit I was hoping it'd be Ricochet vs Dijak (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Coz they can (winking face with tongue)
Prince - Sometimes it snows in april via wow , well done (clapping hands) (medium-light skin toneclapping hands) (medium-light skin tonepurple heartompurple heart)
or is that how u spell urs (thinking face)
Mood when your single overtakes your precious single for the spot on the Hot 100 (oncoming fistoncoming fist)
Please play by Niall Horan? Thank you (heart suit)
It’s just rly light lavender haha I did it with conditioner it’s just for the week bc I’m bored lmao. Do electric (high voltage)
Dream spoilers coming up! (red heart)
My people your RT and support means alot to me (folded hands)This business can't grow without you (smiling face with smiling eyes)
I miss my city (weary face)
Must be fun (frowning face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Dream spoilers coming up! (red heart)
Simi bhabhi (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) Free adult wallpaper fucking balatkarsexy com sucking sisters big lactating tits
Simi bhabhi (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) Free adult wallpaper fucking balatkarsexy com sucking sisters big lactating tits
Holy shit. Too early to know album sales/streams, But I’m already (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) Over the support from people like you Pookie Baby…
Happy Friday! See you tonight! (blue heart) 10/9c
love when I spin around on it.. (relieved face)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
Thank You (lemontwo hearts)
[FANCAM] 180418 :United_States:JFK to EZE :Argentina: by ipeung110 (fire)
 (warning) x (warning) Listen to "Close":
season 1 episode 13 finale Review (person facepalming) (dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person raising hand) (dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)…
Life is a blessing (broken heart)
 (tiger face) LOVE YOURSELF: TEAR GIVEAWAY (rabbit face) • read and follow rules on pic to enter (front-facing baby chick) • also reply with a pick of your bias (hamster) Note:…
Do you go to bed watching skip bayless videos little guy? (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
My mom correctly referenced Seinfeld to me. She real. (clapping hands) (medium skin tone)
Oh, no! So sad about Pop’s wife (frowning face) RIP
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
Important Thread (backhand index pointing down) (light skin tone) in :United_States:
Yes! Today at 7pm time (smiling face) My YouTube channel’s subscribers will be the first to get notifications that is fi…
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
God Bless America :United_States::United_States:
[YOUTUBE (bar chart)] (glowing star)"Daydream" by J-Hope has surpassed 50 Million views on YouTube! (confetti ball) (glowing star)ARMY please continue to st…
God Bless America :United_States::United_States:
 (police car lightpolice car lightpolice car light) It's finally happening! Congressional leadership issues criminal referrals for Comey, HRC, Lynch, McCabe, Strzok,…
that looks so good (smiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handsloudly crying facered heart)
I swear I hate seeing “MY NIGGA NAME” (face with rolling eyes) and 100 others reacted to “ (unamused face)” photo
 (police car lightpolice car lightpolice car light) It's finally happening! Congressional leadership issues criminal referrals for Comey, HRC, Lynch, McCabe, Strzok,…
Facts (money-mouth face)
Better late than never (revolving hearts)
BETTY AND VERONICA! This is amazing (smiling face with heart-eyesface screaming in fear)
Wintertime is right around the corner. (smiling face with horns)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor (face with tears of joy)
You already know I had to bring my sauce to Coachella!!! Littty dances!! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Bitch if I ever got a handwritten love letter from my boo ...omg (tired facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
My pockets on scoliosis (face with steam from nosehundred pointshundred points)
It's the last day of the Spring Blossom Fest! Bee sure to log in and get this sweet Poogie outfit! (honeybee) https://t.…
Their personalities (sparkles) (red heart) Which bear can you relate yourself?
My man always in the clutch!! (hundred pointsindex pointing up) (light skin tone)
 (fire)Selling this package DM for prices (fire) (hourglass not done)RT and Like and ill give 1 person a free recovery in 2 days (hourglass not done)
Follow everyone who Likes and Retweets (dragon)
Spent the last month modeling 's Danse Macabre in my free time! I'd say it turned out pretty well (smiling face with smiling eyes) https://t.…
Feel like the fucking hulk now that I'm not dying anymore (face with tears of joy)
damn damn damn (heart suit) this and cigar are so good!!
Tonight we make history! (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)We are honored and excited to welcome our inaugural, historic class of sixth graders to
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
OMG LILLI'S VOICE (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
I hate when I hear “is that Vee?!” At the gym (face with tears of joy) can I workout in peace
 (crown)Primer Minister Award (crown)The Dubai Fountain Show (crown)Winter Olympics Closing Ceremony (crown)Commemorative Medals I'M S…
Jdjdd I lost all my emoji mentions (loudly crying face) tweet them again please
Im sorry but if u aint on my dick , and all on me ion want you. (nauseated face)
Feel like the fucking hulk now that I'm not dying anymore (face with tears of joy)
Squad arriving for Game 2 (rocket)
Wish I could say the same (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
TOOK FLIGHT! (airplane departurehammer)
Spent the last month modeling 's Danse Macabre in my free time! I'd say it turned out pretty well (smiling face with smiling eyes) https://t.…
 (smiling face with open hands)I just fouled Bron guys (smiling face with open hands). Hi.
 (baseball) game strong
Hakeem &amp; Blake....Do i see collaboration??!!! (flushed facefirefirefire)
LeBron One Man Army Activated (goat) (basketball)
as expected of kings (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
I’m thinking had a great message to young kids and adults under 21 (dashing away) (dashing away) Move to California and smoke…
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
It’s a vibe (musical note)
as expected of kings (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
yet another reason why y’all disgust me (face with tears of joy) foolery.
ok but he spilt more beer than he actually drank????? (litter in bin sign)
Happy Birthday Beautiful!!! (wrapped giftbirthday cakebirthday cake)
It’s a vibe (musical note)
idgaf who you are i don’t trust no bitch around my man (face with steam from nose) ya hoes be grimey as hell
Babe? (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
 (two hearts) spring summer 18 glasses collection feat. me (two hearts)
Nice for what (smiling face with heart-eyesheadphone)
the incident (waning crescent moonkitchen knife)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
Call me a hoe then (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Love winning debated in class (smiling face with smiling eyes)
LOOK AT HIM GO!! (eyes)
“YES I KNOW I’M CUTE” I LOVE THIS BABY BOY (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
SPLENDA (registered) Naturals Stevia Sweetener: 100% Natural. Nothing artificial. No bitter aftertaste. Best tasting stevia. Have you trie…
When the same car passes 3 times and you and yo pothna start clutching. (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
New Jurassic World trailer (T-Rex)
 (new moon facered circleblue circlefull moon face) [cr. farrr83, starrynight]
This is all I want rn (weary face)
Lmaoo so you telling me they didn’t see that big ass rat in the background (skullskullface with tears of joyskullperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
When the same car passes 3 times and you and yo pothna start clutching. (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Good luck is back. (four leaf clover)
I went through that shit and I got through it (flexed biceps) (medium-light skin tone) by MYSELF (double exclamation mark) So hell naw (speaking headspeaking head) ion give no fuck about a friend (hundred points) family ei…
180419 JFK Airport [cr YooTaeSeo_ss] // he played his passport cutely (grinning face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyes) …
Prayers out to coach Pop and his family (folded hands) (medium skin tonefolded hands) (medium skin tonedisappointed face)
RIP to Pops wife.. (pensive face)
Sexy and hot guy jerking off (eggplantsweat dropletssweat droplets)
I think I’m drunk (weary face)
I feel sorry for her lol that’s so disgusting like ewww I cannot imagine kissing a guy let alone having sex with one like (nauseated face)
Oreo Donuts (flushed face)
Brandon just destroyed a coyote with his car (face with medical maskface vomiting)
Apparently it’s national send nudes day so buy mine (tongue)
good night (yellow heartpurple heart)
I think I’m drunk (weary face)
Oreo Donuts (flushed face)
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep (face with tears of joy)
Iran President Rouhani: “We Will Produce Any Weapons That We Need” He's Certainly Testing Trump- Not a smart decision (rolling on the floor laughing)…
 (police car light) Half of California's population supports travel ban, increasing deportations
 (right arrow) 38000 EGP = 8200 SR~$2200 (right arrow) 45000 EGP = 9700 SR 00201272000267 and "
Ok. Okayyyy. (raising hands) Scratch and rough yet still somehow buttery and smooth. Looking forward to seeing him live when he comes to…
Looking forward to being back on the road tomorrow. Hope to see you in: (right arrow)Dallas, Thursday at 6:00 p.m. (The Rustic, 3656 H…
It's still a mystery to me too, Barbara. (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Skittles: The Big Guy took Captiva to the V-E-T for her physical, sadly She has developed a heart murmur, (crying cat)They did a…
a love so beautiful (check mark)
Just gushing (sweat droplets)
What energy drink Lebron drinking yo he moving OD fast out there (rolling on the floor laughing)
Another of my Favourite things (fire)
then proceed to ignore they text (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I am convinced (rolling on the floor laughing)
God: 'Retweet' Me: (down arrow)
 (crown) showing off skills
I’m back at it (tongue)
Love for cannot be described. It must be tasted. (wine glassred heart) (clinking glasses) Go for it.... Cheers! …
um i call plain Jane (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
That's it (smirking face)
tweet 10.000 (clapping hands)
I cannot believe it !!!! I knew God was up to something ! My mother ! My everything ! I am shaking right now (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) …
We Die here!!! Cee-C we here for you Boo (red heartred heartraising handsraising handsraising handsraising handsraising hands)
I’m just worried that he may get hurt (crying face)
Not bad (winking face)
Who tryna come to my graduation (graduation capcall me hand) (medium-light skin tone) got one more ticket (smiling face with hornsraised fist) (medium-light skin tonedouble exclamation mark)
LMAO THE END (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies, man, I feel just like a rockstar... (call me hand) (light skin tonemusical notes)
ur avi (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
I made a promise to myself &amp; ive been keeping it to myself (squinting face with tongue)
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) fucked yute
Omg. Got my blood drawn after my doctors appointment and I filled like 5 tubes. I feel so woozy. (face with crossed-out eyesdrooling face)
sooo excited to announce my VIP experience at the (high voltage) (high voltage)packages are available at: …
RT if you’re ready for the weekly uploads? MAY 1ST (folded hands) (light skin tonefolded hands) (light skin tonefolded hands) (light skin tone)
 (camera with flash) NCT 127 teams up with ELLE magazine in latest pictorial~!
Amazing cat painting! (smiling face with heart-eyesface with tears of joy)
I write songs that have potential (in my mind anyways) to be (fire), but not even I would listen to my voice recorded (face with tears of joy)
thank you (face blowing a kiss)!
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkles) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
stranger things (beaming face with smiling eyes)
i was a wrck when you came along ayieee (smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes)
 (rabbit face) Click Link To Be Teleported To Land Of Derp! (green heart)
From on IG (blue heart) "Shout out Ms Audrey Doyle THE make up artist and nom’d BAFTA 4 make up this weekend in UK. Congra…
Thank you boo (face blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)
Girl who u telling (loudly crying faceperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
feeling of being late? (face with tongue)
Happy 23rd Birthday Ashlyn!! Hope you have a fun day! Love ya! (growing heart)
Glad if you like it (face blowing a kiss) most welcome eonni (purple heart)
Clearly If you a .. Aquarius (Aquariusred heart) (hundred points) Leo (Leo) Gemini (Gemini) Libra (Libra) Sagittarius (Sagittarius) Aries (Aries) Taurus (Taurus) You poppin (hundred pointsdouble exclamation mark) (clapping hands)
“Like that but cat” crying (face with tears of joy)
got chills watching in this carrie musical episode of !! such a talent (folded hands) (medium-light skin tonefolded hands) (medium-light skin tone)
Nice catch by We like the hat too (beaming face with smiling eyeseyes) (fishing pole)
EXO wearing a short, thread (dizzy)
Most girls have a bunch of dudes sliding in their DMs to hit it. I just have guys texting me about the NFL draft next week. (raised fist) (light skin tone)
“GLAMOROUS SET” for a queen (sparkling heart) Book Your Appointment Today, Serious Inquires ONLY. Deposits Are Required To Secure Your Appo…
Boy’s Soccer (soccer ball) 4A State Semifinal Halftime Progreso- 0 Palestine - 0
 (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark)Countdown to the start of the I’ll be seeing Miss Swift with on opening n…
Wow.... Perfect boy friend material (red heart) My heart exploded
That’s my boy (penguin)
Cookin up (firedashing away)
Showing his skills at the Wizards game (basketball)
Showing his skills at the Wizards game (basketball)
We are with you :United_States:…
Actual footage of :United_States: &amp; :Canada: ARMYs trying to hold each other back while we wait for to drop the official Amazon…
means business! (raised fist)
Please help me get Niall's merch by rting this tweet. It would mean a lot to me (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) Thank you!!!! http…
Y’all got Bron upset . Pacers (backhand index pointing down) (medium-dark skin tone)
[fanart] happy (party poppertwo heartstwo hearts)
[ We are seeing you, Thanks for the likes again! (smiling face with open hands) [ …
Or lost tryna get my bags (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (bell) [ MTV LATIN AMERICA AWARDS ] (down-right arrow) DAY 2: April 18, 2018 [OVERALL] (backhand index pointing right) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 797.4k (+667…
Meanwhile I'm at the office and its a snowstorm outside smh lol!!! (sleepy face)
kns then how isit even in ur option (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Follow everyone who retweets this (cut of meat),.
It took me awhile to realize this but I have a making strides (woman dancing) (light skin tonewoman dancing) (light skin tone)
attention can become love and love can feel like hell when given to the wrong person (wind facecandle)
Son chupiChupis. (two hearts)
If don’t nobody know how to piss me off you can’t bet tha last dollar in my pocket my ex do (face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyesface with rolling eyesface with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes)
I CAN stand no dawg ass nigga and I know my mama CAN’T do better (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Son chupiChupis. (two hearts)
True, the name rings bells (grinning face with sweat)
That shit was Reggie asf (face with tears of joy)
One of my associates is mad at me because I told her she’s too old to be getting accidentally pregnant. (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) Sis y…
LOOK INSIDE YOUR OWN DARKNESS, AND REALIZE THERE’S NOT ENOUGH LIGHT TO JUDGE SOMEONE ELSE. (pandapandapandapandapandapandapandapandapandapanda)
kawaii owl (front-facing baby chick)
On my momma I’d rob her. (loudly crying face) no hesitation.
I went from only having to work 5 hours to working my full 8 today (disappointed face)
An Oh So PreTea Wednesday (revolving heartsgreen heart)
We can actually put a T-Rex in between them (face with tears of joy)
the coast really one big city, with cities/ towns as neighborhoods (face with tears of joy)
finally bought a god damn case (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Thought I looked cute, might delete later (zany face)
Right here (smiling face with smiling eyes)-
Brush settings pt. 2 (sparklesdizzy) I always change opacity/min size/texture density and even some advanced settings to my liking. So i…
LMAO THE END (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Tomorrow, April 19th, I’m declaring a (police car light)RED Alert (police car light) ALL DAY as we the as your look…
finally bought a god damn case (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
How u 5’1 wit a chip on ur shoulder? Ur shoulder ain’t een eye length so that’s why ion see shere you coming from!! (weary face)
RT: The Wine Reserve vawinereserve (wine glassclinking glassesgrapesballoon) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
Your going through the most babe (disappointed face) once wanga funa uku relocater.Its done
LOOK INSIDE YOUR OWN DARKNESS, AND REALIZE THERE’S NOT ENOUGH LIGHT TO JUDGE SOMEONE ELSE. (pandapandapandapandapandapandapandapandapandapanda)
Much love for Sweden (red heart):Sweden:
 (musical notes) Oh To See Without My Eyes (musical notes)
First day at a new job tomorrow... (winking face)
i be seeing will snaps he never have over 2 kills in his win (loudly crying face)
We are SMTOWN (revolving hearts)
I’ll be gettin my casket ready (OK hand) (light skin tone)
Indian sex Desi loda chudai (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) jessica pressley fucking indian police hardcore porn gan…
:United_States:Mueller reprimands the media for printing false stories such as the one about Cohen going to Prague…
Let's vote together~ (smiling face)
 (baseball) Bottom of the 5th: Jonathan Nuñez triples, scoring Andre Schweizaer from 1st base. Nuñez scores on David Ayala’…
Welcome now ! You guys did great last hour, let’s keep the hype up for this one (fire) We are bulletproof after a…
Thank youuu (heart suit)
Relationship goals (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
Gregg Popovich’s wife passed away today. Prayers up for Coach Pop! (raising hands) (light skin tone)
Highest Scorer over the whole meet (shushing faceflexed biceps) (medium-dark skin tone)
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) …
I WANTTTT that jumpsuit (clapping hands) (medium-dark skin tonefire)
I love your name!! (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
you have so many likes and retweets you DESERVE IT (beating heart)
 (inbox tray)Message me to make an extra $5k a week (Must have (bank) bank/CU account in the US or CAN) - NO start up -&gt; $ NEEDED. (dollar banknote) ht…
Don't be sorry, I live for your au (person gesturing OKtwo hearts)
Prayers out to coach Pop and his family (folded hands) (medium skin tonefolded hands) (medium skin tonedisappointed face)
Sis thank youu (growing heart)
Thank you, He does !!! Constantly (heart suit) (beaming face with smiling eyesheart suit)
He was doing pretty good then his hormone monster took over (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy), nigga lost control
throws a (collision)NO-HITTER (collision)as the Rockets complete the sweep against Lanphier with a 10-0 win tonight.
I’m deaddd (rolling on the floor laughingweary face)
[TRANS] 04/18/18 BTS JAPAN OFFICIAL FANMEETING VOL.4 &lt;Happy Ever After&gt; Ending ment From JPN to KOR (copyright)mondomizel1
Good morning TwitterWorld (smiling face with heart-eyeshorse faceautomobilesmiling face with heart-eyeshorse faceautomobilesmiling face with heart-eyeshorse faceautomobile)
love u! (heart with ribbon)
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night (speaking head) …
 (police car light) Rahm Emanuel Says He'll Stem Chicago's Gun Violence By Punishing . . . Banks?
Criss Waddle Nana 1 Solance Medikal Baron 1 Xtwo When they heard Ibrah is going to snitch!!! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night (speaking head) …
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: (NEW button)Beige Lace Up Bootie. via
Look at this (pile of poo)! Does anyone need more proof that is a ??
good morning (smiling face)
Y’all better be ready for Friday (face with tears of joy)
Baekhyun almost choke while laughing at his own photo from Growl era as it is the photo used on his commemorative medal (face with tears of joy)…
Look at this (pile of poo)! Does anyone need more proof that is a ??
Permission is permission! (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I’m wondering tbh (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Cute!! (grinning face)
We can all relate (worried face) Don't ignore us h…
Now this is what i like to see, God bless all the hard working Hispanics out there (raising hands) (medium skin tonehundred points)
RT He is possessed by an ancient force. (right arrow)
Someone’s hitting on Sachi (face with hand over mouthoncoming fist) (medium skin toneface with rolling eyes) @ L'Auberge Casino Resort Lake Charles
We Love Baekhyun (tulip). 1RT=1VOTE / 1REPLY =1VOTE (police car light)
I can’t believe you are our little boy (familysmiling face with heart-eyes) you steal my heart everyday
THIS IS GOLD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
One of our favorite thing about classes: kids aren’t afraid to ask questions. (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (laptop)
i value compliments from females/ gay guys more than the ones from dudes. idk (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (face with tears of joy) just seems more genuine.
I can’t believe you are our little boy (familysmiling face with heart-eyes) you steal my heart everyday
Thanks, please make sure they're Tobi fans o (folded handsfolded hands)
Michael Downs Photography 3 Instagram (backhand index pointing down) (medium skin tone)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) See this 2:19pm nobro for the world inside make leehm pass Ibrah I wish you fi soak this vn
amateur blowjob and swallow (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) cums in sisters pussy brcyi blowjob xxxasian amateur bol…
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) See this 2:19pm nobro for the world inside make leehm pass Ibrah I wish you fi soak this vn
&amp;Run playing in Dallas Sending our love (camera)
BOSS + SAY NO MORE on and IRONIC + BARE on and (red heart) (growing heartgreen heart) …
Fu_k Dat Ni__a by City Girls is streaming on da Front Porch Radio (satellite antenna)
PlayoffP is real (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
pls support by RT this (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
The Originals (smiling face with horns)
Ayyyyyyyyye I’m officially a college graduate (smiling face with sunglasses)
I know on his BIG BOSS SHIT right now (fire)
Very hard to do this alone I need help like hubby in the distance recording me (face with tears of joy)
And just like that, The Resistance (trade mark) was destroyed and no one ever called Trump racist again!
“How’s your week going?” Me: (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Dis my momma (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Ma da at the game (face with tears of joy)
Gupton68 25 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 25 people.
Throwback to Chance The Rapper killing it on SNL (face with tears of joy):
Done (check mark button), can you rt mine
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
“How’s your week going?” Me: (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (bell) (bell) [ 8:00 - 9:00 AM KST ] 1. : 54.5K+ (warning) 2. G : 21.5K+ Please widen the gap!! T…
Name a time when the Lyons had a family meal without drama... we'll wait. (face with tears of joy)
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party (loudly crying face)
Commission to (blue heart)
HOT (hot springs) ♆ (red heart)BLOODGIFTED (red heart)♆ TASTY Treat For Romance Lovers h…
Loving someone and having them love you back....is the most precious thing in the world (red heart)
It's fine these things happen (face with tears of joy) don't be so hard on yourself
Nice ride for his chick (two hearts)
Happy birthday to (party popperbirthday cake)
HAIKU PARTY We (red heart) political DRAMA, so write a haiku about it! (kiss mark) Like this post (people with bunny ears)‍ (male sign) Retweet this post (pancakes) Eat th…
Loving someone and having them love you back....is the most precious thing in the world (red heart)
My 1st beginnings (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone) in case yall didn’t know before I was a solo artist i was in a girl group called SISTA! We were under…
1: (fleur-de-lis)Retweet this (triangular flag) 2: (diamond suit)Like this (trident emblem) 3: (trident emblem)Follow all who like and rt this (diamond suit) 4: (triangular flag)Follow back all that follow you (fleur-de-lis) 5: (fleur-de-lis)Gain fo…
Lol none of our parents want us to fail (face with tears of joy) just the way you’re looking at it
Last day to vote for (cherry blossomhibiscusrose). Keep Voting (hibiscus). (police car light) …
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Un-bee-lievable! Lease up to 10 phones on us! Choose the moto e4 when you switch! (honeybee)
RT The Hero's Journey at work in my novel. Read the post by Ian Graham Leask! (right arrow)
It's Playoffs season and I'm here for it !! (speaking head) LETS GOOOO KING JAMES
Lmfao I texted a few (weary faceweary face) but literally everybody blocked
My dad called my nana &amp; told her how happy he was to get a visit from us yesterday. That just warms my heart (red heart)
This is one of my fav parts of IAWIA (red heart)
Just signed up for c4s...thanks and (face blowing a kiss)
May gone be a great month (raising hands) (medium skin tone)
Should there be a DAY PARTY the day of TITH:keycap_3: ? On April 28 RT WHEN YOU ANSWER (double exclamation mark)
 (crown) AwesomeAnal (thumbs up) .
shares adorable videos of Stormi. (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Lil 5 is dumb (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
you can hear jongin's high pitched laugh as soon as he saw baekhyun's.. he: couldnt help it (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)…
Pre-show steaming is so hot (wind facefire)
Lmfaoooo bro I’m crying (face with tears of joyrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Bron about to drop 40 tonight (face with hand over mouth)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!! (revolving heartsrevolving heartsrevolving heartsbeating heartbeating heartheart with arrowheart with arrowheart with arrowheart with arrowheart with arrowheart with arrow)
 (inbox tray)Message me to make an extra $5k a week (Must have (bank) bank/CU account in the US or CAN) - NO start up -&gt; $ NEEDED. (dollar banknote) ht…
Matt Forte and Devin Hester will sign one day contracts with Chicago and retire as a Bear (raising hands) htt…
 (inbox tray)Message me to make an extra $5k a week (Must have (bank) bank/CU account in the US or CAN) - NO start up -&gt; $ NEEDED. (dollar banknote) ht…
thank you girl ily!! (heart with arrowheart with arrow)
All’s Well That Ends Well!! (heart suit) (musical notesmicrophonemusical scoreclapping hands) (light skin toneparty popperbottle with popping cork) (heart suit).
[ SCAN ] Face Yourself- (sparklesblack heart)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) https://…
Sorry bro, pretty words are not enough... Pes is almost dead. (thumbs down)
LEANIN LIKE A MUTHAF*CKA I MIGHT NOT EVEN SAY WASSUP (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (prohibitedperson walking) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) this me everyday In pain or not
rt if u stan follow whoever rts (zany face) ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ ㅇ…
getting me so excited for the album !! has to be on the album please (clapping hands) (light skin tone) xxx
Tried to show my BARBER skills (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) think I need more practice (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign) htt…
Jsyk I haven't stopped screaming since posted these photos from the studio last night (speaking head) …
Forreealll....like come back here and do it yourself then (face with tears of joy)
Time flies... (weary facehundred points)
lack of exercise and sleep which i really lack (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) I want to grow taller (persevering faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Thoughts and prayers out to the Popovich family. (pensive facebroken heartbroken heartbroken heart)
doing skype and kik sessions right now, DM piggies (pig nosesweat droplets)
WHO DID THIS (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Wishing a very Happy Birthday (birthday cakeparty popper) Hope it’s amazing Love ;) (kiss markface blowing a kisstwo hearts)
. . (desktop computer) GOOGLE LAWSUIT WATCH - MORE LEFTIST BIGOTRY &amp; BIAS : Hispan…
Stop trying to gas me (face with rolling eyes) just get that one. Lol.
 (police car light)BREAKING! (police car light) Eleven House have asked the DOJ and AG Sessions to investigate several era officials.…
I just love when my fans talk about me (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
[BILLBOARD-JAPAN] “Don’t Leave Me” &amp; “DNA” are charting at No. 13 &amp; 48 (respectively) on Japan Hot 100. (flexed bicepspurple heart) ‘FACE YOUR…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
happy birthday, mom (red heartred heartred heart)
Okay yassss!!!! I fr feel like me and kam are her fans (face with tears of joygrowing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
But of course (sparkles)
When time goes by and all u see and do is the same thing (sad but relieved facethinking face) is definitely needed
I’ve rewatched this a hundred times. (clapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin toneclapping hands) (light skin tone)
Feeling generous and I wanna give back the LOVE because is the (bomb)! Retweet this and I'll give you a follow back…
I’m the most understanding person EVER (red exclamation mark)but lying is unnecessary (unamused face)
I love Zelina Vega so so so much (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (sparkling heartsparkling heartsparkling heartsparkling heartred heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
Thanks! Although I liked my 3rd cousin joke more (hundred points)
Hahahahaha (smiling face with heart-eyes)he's just woweeeee to me
Ganda Mumsh at Premier Night (purple heart)
After A Fresh Cut (relieved face)
EXO Kokobop Private Ver. Album Giveaway! (party popper) (hot springs)For Indonesian EXO-L Only (hot springs) (Without PC or Poster. Just the album.) Follow t…
Best things in life are free If you choose to see Life itself is The most luxurious gift.. (blossom) (blossom)
[FANTAKEN] 180418 Fan Account Update *Seoul Tower's Light also SHINee Color (gem stone) cr cyadomeee https://t…
i even took you back &amp; you still had no chill (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
GUYS PLEASE RT THIS I NEED 200 RETWEETS AND THANK YOU SO MUCH (revolving heartsrevolving heartsrevolving heartsrevolving hearts) THANK YOU TO ANYONE WHO RETWEETS xx http…
 (double exclamation mark)PLEASE HELP ME FIND MY BABY BOY LOUI (double exclamation mark) If anyone lives around Legends Run &amp; see him please please DM me (crying face) He’s all wh…
[FANTAKEN] 180418 Fan Account Update *Seoul Tower's Light also SHINee Color (gem stone) cr cyadomeee https://t…
don't leave me (sweat dropletssweat dropletssweat dropletssweat dropletssweat droplets)
WHO DID THIS!? (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
So sad (disappointed face), prayers for Pop
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (cyclone)SHAZAM CHALLENGE (cyclone) Today's songs to shazam: (cyclone)MDR (ft. Desiigner) (cyclone)DNA (cyclone)Best Of Me Send me your screenshots of Shazam…
But then I thought she said CONNED, which also makes sense soooo (thinking facethinking face)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
I just went to my first belly dancing class at the Y and I LOVED it (grimacing face)
Time flies... (weary facehundred points)
 (play button)MASAKI YODA -active days(1/5 Quality)-
Sending a thoughts and prayers to coach Pop and rest of his family and Spurs family. Heartbreaking (downcast face with sweat)
We all got that one IG friend we mad cool with but but never seen in person (face with tears of joy)
oops facial (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) facial giapponesi big boopssex com
Ariana shared a snippet of on Instagram! (dropletmusical notes)
Tits are out! Even though it's still snowing here in Michigan! (snowflake)
my room is never actually "dirty" it's just CLOTHES (weary faceloudly crying face)
Ughhh I wish I could watch it (confused face)
Is this a vrchat filter on Snapchat? (winking facegreen heart)
Very true, Michele, which is why, at outpost :Switzerland:, I dedicate 5 holy minutes…
Praying for Coach Pop and his family! (folded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
I can’t pick one lol but it’s probably First and Only (red heart) (red heart)
Cum fountain (winking face with tongue)
[PREVIEW] 180418 KBS "Love Returns" Wrap-up Party: 인피니트 Sungyeol (smiling face with heart-eyes) (cr:loeyeolcom)
THE CHOREO FOR LET GO!! IM SPEECHLESS!! IM CRYING!! (copyright)12v30th
Toma (kitchen knifekitchen knifekitchen knife)
Silvaze is a Pure Pure Ship (sparkling heart)
Preséntamelo (smiling face with heart-eyes) — Sorry girl, but he’s married
NBA STYLE WORKOUT NO EXTRA SIMPLE AND EFFICENT! THE GRIND WILL SPEAK FOR ITSELF ITS MORE THAN GOOD (chequered flag)
I ACTUALLY CRYED (broken heart)
I fell in love with the microphone. (black heartrose)
This the same dude who told me he would rather have the raiders miss the playoffs then lose in Round 1 (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
[INSTAGRAM COMMENT] tiffanyyoungofficial: hey sunshine (sun)
I ACTUALLY CRYED (broken heart)
This shit got me crying (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
This is all I want rn (weary face)
Go follow (clapper board)
Work On Your Story on April 24th at a Story Workout (trade mark) in Atlanta
Just thinking about my laif. An old fool with no WAEC certificate called me lazy!!! Èmi, odindi graduate (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) https://t…
Work ready (ghost)
u ever just (red heart) (heart suit) (cherry blossomhibiscusrevolving heartstwo heartshibiscusred heart) (growing heartred heart) (sparkling hearthibiscustwo heartsroseheart suit) (revolving heartsheart suit) (cherry blossomtwo heartssparkling heartred heart) (growing heartcherry blossomtwo heartshibiscustwo heartsheart suit) (heart suit) (two heartstwo heartshibiscushibiscussparkling heartred heart) (growing heartred heart) (two heartshibiscustwo heartsheart suit) (sparkling hearttwo heartsroseheart suit) (rosetwo heartssparkling heartcherry blossomred heart) (cherry blossomtwo heartsgrowing heartcherry blossomcherry blossomgrowing heartsparkling heartcherry blossomgrowing heart)
J-line visuals~ (firefire)
Work On Your Story on April 24th at a Story Workout (trade mark) in Atlanta
WANNA ONE IPU ALBUM GA (Day version) (cherry blossom) Follow me &amp; RT to enter (cherry blossom) Open Worldwide (globe showing Americas) (cherry blossom) 1 Winner (cherry blossom) GA ends on 30 April 2018 Re…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
When he smell good af (face savoring food)
really tried so hard not to cry at the cassandra and apollon scene bc my mom is in the next room but goddamn was it hard (loudly crying faceskull)
Wow! as in wow! Thank you sir Roxy (smiling face)
＠TheJetOnTNT literally got into the game (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy).
Nicki look what I made for you (growing heart) what do you think? I've been supporting you since the start and I always love…
Jae VS rollescoaster (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I’m just gonna go ahead and leave this here (face with open mouthhushed faceface with hand over mouthface screaming in fear)
WANNA ONE IPU ALBUM GA (Day version) (cherry blossom) Follow me &amp; RT to enter (cherry blossom) Open Worldwide (globe showing Americas) (cherry blossom) 1 Winner (cherry blossom) GA ends on 30 April 2018 Re…
BRON ain’t playing TADAY! (crownflexed biceps) (medium skin tonerocket)
RT in 5 seconds for good luck (sparklesblack heart)
I fell in love with the microphone. (black heartrose)
add me on snap! (ghost) itzquisee
Lmaooo me at peter whenever he asks me if I need anything (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (green heartfront-facing baby chick)CALLING ALL I GOT7s! Reminder that tickets for GOT7 2018 WORLD TOUR 'EYES ON YOU' IN TORONTO go on sale this Satu…
 (sparkles)Commission's Open (sparkles)
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
Thanks love it was so nice to meet you! You look amazing in the video (sparkling heartsparkling heartsparkling heart)
NBA STYLE WORKOUT NO EXTRA SIMPLE AND EFFICENT! THE GRIND WILL SPEAK FOR ITSELF ITS MORE THAN GOOD (chequered flag)
Well.....i believe we witnessed the first condom delivery service &amp; I am here for it (hundred pointsface with tears of joyloudly crying facethumbs up) (medium skin tone)
2018 prom queen (rosesparkles)
Juan Diego takes (1st place medal)1st in the Sprint Medley. Austin Gillespie, Austin Versteeg, Ayden Carbaugh, and Noah Reninger.
Wanna have metal straws too (confused face)
Why do white people think smiling at you will make the fact that they’re staring acceptable? (face with raised eyebrow)
RT: Stacy C. Sherwood Community Center for (mantelpiece clock) (desktop computer) (video gamegem stone)
we don’t want tea we welcome other skinnies (sneezing face)
 (collisioncollision) California Governor Backs Down — Announces Mobilization of 400 National Guard Troops, Per Trump’s Order …
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
2018 prom queen (rosesparkles)
thank you so much (loudly crying facesparkling heart)
A fun part about living at home is getting to see all the neighborhood moms when you go to dinner near by (upside-down face)
we don’t want tea we welcome other skinnies (sneezing face)
We too, get so many ideas when we sit still in the morning!!!! (rolling on the floor laughingsmiling face) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
Thanks. I lived long enough to catch a typo and retweet it. (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
YOU LOOK SO KAWAII (loudly crying facesmiling cat with heart-eyessmiling cat with heart-eyessmiling cat with heart-eyestwo hearts)
 (fire) See me live, Sex Chat For Free! (collision) Register now 100% Free ↴ ✪➤ ✪➤…
scores 16 pts straight WTF (face screaming in fearflexed bicepsfire)
Hope everyone is wishing happy bday today. Dasss the broski ! (zipper-mouth faceowl)
what’s popping in gram for 4/20 (eyes)
My sex drive is dumb retarded. I be wanting sex, right after sex (face with tears of joyloudly crying face)
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party (loudly crying face)
:keycap_2::keycap_4: hours 'til our schedule drops!
[FANCAM] 180418 :United_States:JFK to EZE :Argentina: by ipeung110 (fire)
Isn't this lovely? Ana Rodrigues has just joined (waving hand) It's so nice to have you here, Ana! We hope you'll…
Lovely blonde Alexis Monroe fucked hard (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) hardcore teachers sleeping busty blonde vide…
-beams- Yes! Made the list! (face blowing a kiss)
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
 (sign of the horns) (light skin tone). Choreography: Song: Drip feat.
nigga has 29! (loudly crying face)
Dress with boobs in or out retweet and comment what you prefer
my besties deserve the world and more (sparkling heart)
baby turtle at birth (eggturtle)
I am def not crying (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) so proud of my boys (heart suit) (heart suit)
I want a huge collection of Kendra Scott necklaces so bad (weary face)
Lovely blonde Alexis Monroe fucked hard (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) hardcore teachers sleeping busty blonde vide…
don’t claim that (person gesturing NO) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person gesturing NO) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Paul's brother (loudly crying face):Japan:
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joythumbs up) We get it finally Behind the scene of hilarious Jikook pic Tweet (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) Crazy Busan boys
Okay, the Akita sound got me. I can clearly hear his voice omg (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Grab a Mao Mao hug. And here’s another one. (red heart)
Dude tf (face with tears of joy)
Pretty (rose)
me (pouting cat)irl
5+5 on tonight’s AMRAP (orange heartflexed biceps) (medium-light skin tone) @ Top Tier CrossFit
My life (OK hand) (medium-light skin tone)
IM LOSING IT (winking face with tongue)
180418 uknowcindy ins คังฮยอก (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) via. Ohsehunbar
27PTS, 8REB, 4AST... in the first half.
Aye bro I’m gonna be on my way to Nebraska, but I’m proud of you big bro and continue to bigger and brighter things (glowing starhundred pointsred heart) (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone)
 (dizzyheart with arrowdizzySOON arrow) RETWEET (END arrowdizzyheart with arrowdizzy) (snowflakespider websnowflakespider websnowflakespider websnowflakespider websnowflakespider websnowflake)
Wishing Everyone an Abundance Of Prosperity,Good Health &amp; Joy (smiling face)
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor (face with tears of joy)
 (down arrow)Meet with local hotties at (downwards button) (next track buttonhot pepperEND arrowsparkling heart) porn Media sex Cam xxx exhibition Group nsfw Smokers vi…
I am def not crying (loudly crying faceloudly crying face) so proud of my boys (heart suit) (heart suit)
We don't care what the lead is the Cavs got the lead (face with tears of joy) LeBron haters find the littlest things to hate on
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
Kourt is really out here living her best life (loudly crying face)
Let’s talk about the fact that this dollar is nothing to sis (face with tears of joyvictory hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
ALERT (fire) 100,000,000 $Banano Coins (sweat droplets) Fill in this form to Join the Airdrop! (grinning face with smiling eyes) ReTweet Li…
Peace (peace symbol) is the path. Enjoy Today All! (person raising hand)‍ (female sign) (cherry blossomleaf fluttering in wind)
The mute option on twitter is the (goat)
Yesterday I broke my own record in shotput at districts and came in 1st place throwing 40ft (1st place medalfolded hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Taehyung was the first one who sat at the sofa and seokjin just joined.,., buT Taehyung ended up seating on the floor (face with tears of joy)
Heartbroken (broken heart) ! Rest in Peace, dear lady!
 (green heart) IGOT7 MTV MIAW FUN GAME (green heart) (white small square)Reply with GOT7 songs that start with G, M and S! Example: Girls Girls Girls, Mine and St…
When you’re enjoying life and next minute you realise you have 4 exams &amp; 3 coursework to do at uni (loudly crying face)
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
 (green heart) IGOT7 MTV MIAW FUN GAME (green heart) (white small square)Reply with GOT7 songs that start with G, M and S! Example: Girls Girls Girls, Mine and St…
Happy birthday (balloonballoon)
My son is too cute not to post (sunflowersun with face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Cameron Parks &amp; Tyler Hill Complete Video (film projector) (backhand index pointing right) °°
Me trying to finish my paper the night before! (exploding head)
No way Conrad or Heisenberg help us like that (face with tears of joy)
Yo brian liked my post if us meeting Sun dude (smiling face with smiling eyesface savoring food)
We don't care what the lead is the Cavs got the lead (face with tears of joy) LeBron haters find the littlest things to hate on
The mute option on twitter is the (goat)
We got the travel trailer (smirking face)
okay but most importantly the both of you please don't get injured!!! come back safely (folded hands) (medium-light skin tone) cloud-nim please help to protect o…
The acoustic version for 'Victorious' is sex to my ears. It's just perfect (loudly crying facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
Quick bday pic (balloon)
Only if you give him mine and my address (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)!
Be careful w/ me (drooling facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
enjoy a few cute pictures of my best friend who i just so happened to fall in love with (beaming face with smiling eyes) it’s so hard to find the…
Comin for ya (heart decorationtwo heartsrainbowsparklesdizzy)
miss you (kissing face with smiling eyes) see you guys next week!
Dinner (face savoring food) @ Pappasito's Cantina
Robbed of her ability to face reality maybe... (unamused face)
ION WANNA SEE NONE OF YALL TWEET HIS LYRICS WHEN YALL WAS CALLIN HIM TRASH FOR YEARS (angry faceangry faceangry faceangry face)
$1,000 up for grabs with at 8:05! Listen here: (dollar banknote)
big mood rn (loudly crying face)
if you’re tryna support a young artist (sparkles)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) green affff
He look like a chocolate Teddy Gram (loudly crying face)
Happy birthday bro (red heart) (hundred points)
HOW (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) YOU (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone)GON (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) SNAPCHAT (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) ME (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) KNOWING (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) IM (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) UGLY (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) AND (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) THEN (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) NOT (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) SNAP (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) ME (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) BACK (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) WHEN (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) YOU (clapping hands) (medium-light skin tone) S…
 (love letterhatching chick)Partner in crime.
 (megaphonemegaphonemegaphone)HEAR YE HEAR YE HEAR YE (megaphonemegaphonemegaphone) WHAT: (sun with facesun with facesun with face)RALLY TIME (sun with facesun with facesun with face) WHERE: Santa Barbara WHEN: APRIL 22, 2018 TIME: 11:00 am to 1:00…
Ariana Lock RT if want must be following - (droplet)
SondraDeeMe 300 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 300 people.
$800 for them YSL heels and I will have them for my birthday big 23 this year (firewinking face with tongue)
Nothing better (beaming face with smiling eyes)
Matz wear his heart on his sleeve and his emotions seriously affect mine (weary faceperson getting massage) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Happy Birthday to ‘Agents of Shield’ star, Chloe Bennet! (birthday cakeparty popperwrapped gift)
It's not even 9 and I'm in the bed (grinning face with sweatweary face)
Adding to that, the fixtures have been released and we will come against on August the 9th (small orange diamondblack medium square)
It's not even 9 and I'm in the bed (grinning face with sweatweary face)
I am Loving on Me! (heart suit)
 (crossed swords)skate fast eat innes' ass
He did em like that (face screaming in fear)
seungkwan with these little cuddly kids is really the cutest thing ever ! (yellow heart)
Class of 2019 (speaking head) ... Come check out what Catholic U Football has to offer!! (spiral calendar) April 28th (alarm clock)10 AM (round pushpin)Washington, DC
The intersect of art + science + Shelley’s poetry (high voltage) More awesome collisions + collabs from (love-you gesture) (medium skin tonealienlight bulb)…
Then how do you think it makes the passenger feel? (face with tears of joy)
Twt Ceballos: Work hard in silence and let your success make the noise (folded hands) (medium skin toneflexed biceps) (medium skin tonesoccer ball) (green heart)
She took all of the funk out of the song (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Milk is just cow titty juice (glass of milkglass of milk)
first we rode the rides, then I rode his face (winking face)
VOTE: (police car light) (minus) (minus) (minus) Let's widen the gap!!!
I lost track at 19. (confused face)
OMG! Just look at this gorgeous girl MAE! A STAFF FAVORITE was adopted; STARVED (loudly crying facebroken heartbroken heart) FOR OVER 2 MOS by POS (pile of pooangry face with horns) HUMANS! They be…
Let's connect Nigeria! :Nigeria::Nigeria::Nigeria: Gain 400 followers! Retweet if you follow back! Let's GO!
Have Calvin Klein taken inspiration from Big Jimmy Jones for their latest £275 'Washing Up Gloves' look (thinking face) …
[ ARMY: To Do] (dvd) Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy (purple heart)
I get in my moods where I don’t be wanting to talk and that’s when everybody got a question (face with steam from nose)
The Housemates receive their Last Party Clothes (slightly smiling face)
THANKS GOD FOR WAKING ME UP TODAY. (folded handsbackhand index pointing up)
nicki talking about us being mean when she left quavo suffer all them hours while were tore him to shreds (skull)
i love this sweatshirt so much :,) (smiling face with open handslipstickblue heartorange heart)
little pupper does an aroo (video camera): oliver_the_corgii
How can you call Monsta X nobodies when you have a profile pic with a Korean in black face? (face with rolling eyes) Even your choice in pics…
Out Now Go Listen (firefirehundred points)
ur layout is beautiful (tired faceblue heart)
_ (confetti ball)⓵ Gain Time! (hourglass not done) (ribbon)⓶ Follow me (bell)⓷ Retweet &amp; Like This (heart with ribbon)⓸ Follow everyone who RTs/LKs (hundred points)⓹ Turn my Notifications ON (vibration mode) (writing hand) (light skin tone)⓺ Com…
It’s Official This Weekend I’m Going To Knoxville Tennessee !!! (person climbing) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
History was made 20 years ago today. (down arrow) "With the first pick of the draft, the Indianapolis select Peyton Manning." http…
nicki talking about us being mean when she left quavo suffer all them hours while were tore him to shreds (skull)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
3/4 of the team is (wastebasket)
Ctto johhcac (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyred heart)
Go on my brooklyn and bailey fan page acct called hope u check it out (smiling face with smiling eyes)
 (warning) ARMY buying from Amazon especially US/Canadian ARMY...PLEASE check when purchasing that the item says "Sold by: https…
Everybody left first .. I'll go with you tomorrow (honeybee) …
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
What they said (backhand index pointing down)
Africans (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing)
Nominate for your 2018 prom king (crown)
 (backhand index pointing right) MOST VIEWED MV BY A KOREAN GROUP (as of 04/18 (10:20 PM KST) 1. : 347.4M+ 2. : 345.2M+ 3. DNA: 343…
glowwwwyyyy wednesday everyone (sun with face)
literally ovr math (face with rolling eyes)
 (hibiscus) Day 1 - 35,518 Day 2 - 124,986 Day 3 - 36,240 Day 4 - 28,048 Day 5 - 9,890 Day 6 - 10,632 Day 7 - 9,31…
OH MYY GOSHHH (weary facesmiling face with heart-eyesblue heartblue heart)
Nice to meet you, Jimu! (grinning squinting face) Yay I really looking forward for your next concert experience (winking facewinking face) Have fun! (raising handsgrinning squinting face)
I can't stand "it's not that funny" kind of people, like okay I'm sorry with your amargada no sense of humor having ass (unamused face)
I can’t stand it!!! (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart)
It was funny when we were like 12 (loudly crying face)
Cavs look terrible Lebron ain’t making it out the first round with these niggas (person facepalming) (dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
It was funny when we were like 12 (loudly crying face)
That’s your headline? (face with rolling eyes)How about crazed man throws car in reverse &amp; hits patrol car. Assault on officers…
I swear (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I thought it looked familiar (winking face)
Café, always! (face with tears of joy)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Ariana Grande has shared a snippet of "No Tears Left To Cry" on her Instagram! (rainbow) …
Hala! May bagets! As in bagets (face with tears of joy)
God is preparing you for something great , Hold on (crossed fingers) (medium-dark skin tonered heart)
Guess I'm going back to the Q (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
Famosa edecan con ropa transparente. Ve como la cogen en (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) rou…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceweary face) Just wow, ma heart
I’m not looking for a relationship, I’m looking for a college that will accept me (person tipping hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
ok fine FINE (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
BEAUTIFUL (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) congratulations!!
This episode (fire)
I have a problem (weary face) I keep buying the same shade range lipsticks and it’s getting outta hand. I need help (anxious face with sweat)
i'll follow a couple people who RT this :) pls help get me accepted into the beauty guru community !!!! (red heart) (red heart) …
 (fire)Get daily money (fire)Follow us + RT (fire)Tag your friend (money bag)The prize is Gloves Case by 169$! (hourglass not done)A winner…
can school be done already? (face with rolling eyes)
God has brought me such a loooong way and he’s nowhere near done (red heart) thank you Lord!!
ok fine FINE (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (flushed face)wow! Another movie! Sharraout to the cast &amp; crew (raising hands) (medium skin tone)
Okaaaay. I don’t mean to be head ass but I mean to be head ass. (sneezing facesparkling heartsparkling heart) and thank you bb (face blowing a kiss)
EPIC. You actually look really pretty w/the hairstyle &amp; earrings (weary faceface with tears of joy) Twinning (raising hands) (medium skin toneraising hands) (medium skin tone)
My husband is so talented (frowning face) (red heart)
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
 (video camera) goawfma: esp the people who did it alone
I don’t care who drops what or when! We’re climbing the chart or we’re going down swinging HARD! (smiling face with hornsfiresign of the horns) (medium skin tone)
You remind me of a cupcake. Cute and sweet. (smiling face with smiling eyespurple heart) with an adorably fitting gif to go with it (smiling face with heart-eyespurple heart)
I took an amazing nap (smiling face with open hands)
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
The quote I’m going to live off of probably the rest of my life (loudly crying facefolded hands) (light skin tone)
Wait...EVERYTHING?!?!?! (person raising hand) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Me and shawty really been making moves (sneezing face)
Peachy (peach)
i’m like this but have no one to do this to (face with thermometer)
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
Cole just arrived here in the Philippines!!! (loudly crying facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
share ? (yellow heart) :&gt;
share ? (yellow heart) :&gt;
 (right arrow) Hey everyone is broadcasting now on (backhand index pointing right) click the link and go say hello (link)…
He really squared up with the cop (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Yes I luv u too (two hearts)
The full shortlist is now released at (rainbow)
He really squared up with the cop (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
BROCKHAMPTON Is That Next Level, New New. Love these guys. (fire) (firefire)
Happiest birthday, ! God bless you always! (folded handsyellow heart) CTTO
Worst comparison (face with tears of joy)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Imagine your girl bushing your hair in that direction smh (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
The comments on Tristan Thompson’s İnstagram are too much (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Of course!! (red heart)
when steps on the field... (money-mouth face)
Wow RIP (sad but relieved face)
They put Beyoncé's Coachella performance on PornHub (skull)
I should be packing for my house sitting job.....but I don’t want tooooo. (weary face)
seokjin is back with his heart event but this time taehyung was part of it aw they are the cutest (face with tears of joy)
They’re signed to the same label &amp; both have ghost writers. (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
THIS IS GOLD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
New blessings are coming your way (smiling face with halo)
I want a nigga geeked about me. (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyeszany face)
Idiots. And look who it is again (face with tears of joy) I swear this dude searches “LeBron” and responds to every tweet.
get a man who knows how to handle your abnormalities and kagaguhan attitude (face with rolling eyes)
Head Over Hills For Oomf Barred (weary facered heart)
Finding both love and friendship in the same person &gt;&gt;&gt; (smiling face with heart-eyesloudly crying face)
JUST LET THIS SINK IN SNOWFLAKES (snowflake)! (rolling on the floor laughing) :United_States:
Big Time Hire!! So happy for you LW!! (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Go crazy. Stay humble. Love you man (backpackelectric plug)
Right!! Cuz everyone knows he got those medals at the Dollar Store! (expressionless face)
My 1st Single Dropping June30th (firecheck mark buttonhundred points)
NCTzens! MV has already reached 1M views on youtube!!! (party popperparty popperparty popper) Let's keep on streaming! (smiling face with smiling eyestwo hearts)
NEW GODLY ACCOUNTS FOR SALE (fire) DM FOR PRICING (money-mouth facemoney-mouth facemoney-mouth facemoney-mouth face)
Damn coach pop’s wife died (loudly crying facesneezing face) I couldn’t imagine what’s he’s feeling rn
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Im a reignited Twitch/Rook main on PC (smiling face with heart-eyes)
HELLL YESSS QUEEN (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
&amp; I've felt this kinda pain before... (loudly crying facepensive facebroken heart)
:Argentina:No te creo. :Liberia:I don't believe you. :Mexico:Si chuy!
Well it’s been fun. (funeral urn)
 (crying face) rt if you cried.
1980 Enesco Country Cousins Bell (smiling face with smiling eyes) …
Brittany Whitley (rolling on the floor laughing)
Brittany Whitley (rolling on the floor laughing)
Who took the picture tho (thinking face)
Thank you for joining us for today's successful launch of (rocket), lifting (satellite) up to hunt for around the (sparkles)…
3. I love Totoko in all her forms...also Akumatsu stole my heart one faithful february day (pensive faceheart with arrow)
A very special bonding time with my best friend (two hearts) wonderful weekend retreat with amazing youths…
Love Yourself 轉 ‘Tear’ is currently the Real-Time seller on Synnara (:South_Korea:) and in the CDs &amp; Vinyl category on Amazon,…
OMG Prayers up to Coach Pop, praying for him and everyone involved in the shocking news! (folded hands) (light skin tonefolded hands) (light skin tonefolded hands) (light skin tonefolded hands) (light skin tone)
if don't think xukun is the cutest here, well i don't know anymore (grinning face with smiling eyes)
Amidst chaos, there will always be someone who makes you happy. (smiling face with heart-eyes) Happy ctto
This photo confused the hell outta me for a minute (face with tears of joy)
it sound like they trying to get into his pants more lmao but still i need to say its so good (loudly crying faceOK handOK handOK hand)
hyunjae and hwall being so cute. Aww (smiling face with heart-eyesblue heart)
This is so cute eyyyy (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) 20k for this cute fan-service Total: 3.620.000
Watch broadcast: ᖴ0ᒪᒪ0ᗯ my IᑎᔕTᗩGᖇᗩᗰ to see me get really dirty (high voltage) (high voltage) (high voltage) (high voltage) (high voltage) (high voltage) (high voltage)
I just love her (smiling face with smiling eyesred heart)
Chaela just told me i can’t wear a sweat suit to her baby shower (face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes) ok
Cool (heart suit)
I like being alone, listening to music in my own world. away from all the BULLSHIT (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
I am so here for the love and support of this tag! (beaming face with smiling eyestwo hearts)
I just voted for (yellow heart)&amp; you can too by downloading the app and/or RETWEETING THIS https:…
Chaela just told me i can’t wear a sweat suit to her baby shower (face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes) ok
i really like serving. that’s money in my pockets everyday. (money-mouth face)
i just (sleepy face)
[ 4th Mini Album (leaf fluttering in wind) TRACK LIST 2018.04.23 https…
Positive thoughts to coach Pop (disappointed face)
 (high voltage) “homemade gravity (meteorite tester)” by
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
Thanks for noticing me finally (waving handeyes)
this is me (pensive face) i can't go back to sleep now.
 (high voltage) “homemade gravity (meteorite tester)” by
Paul's brother (loudly crying face):Japan:
We all gonna be
Watch to the end... (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy) (face with tears of joy)
What if there's an anime about art movements and styles as humans? (face with tears of joy) (Parody- I tried to draw some of them hehe) Good Morning…
Huma Abedin: Hillary always says the dumbest things in interviews. James Comey: Hold my beer. (beer mug) ** Comey admits, "I'…
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) if I can’t pass law school at least I can say I went viral on Twitter, thread comin soon
What about Avengers? (confused face)
Could watch still game aww day, unreal (face with tears of joy)
did he just “meow” (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy (purple heart)
The rides are copied &amp; your packet is ready to be assembled for the 18th annual physics day at Kings Island. (roller coasterferris wheel)
Ricochet, War Raiders and Candice LeRae tonight. I feel spoiled (loudly crying face)
Thank you for putting me on your Insta Story!! (blue heartblue heartblue heart)
 (red exclamation mark)ATTENTION (red exclamation mark) Fam, when voting for MIAW Brasil and Latin America, you can mix BR and LA, BUT do NOT mix both BR categor…
Getting fucked by his college friends (smiling face with heart-eyes) Add me on Snapchat SexualGuyFriend
nigga said I hate when hoes get mad and use songs to talk for them ... slap the fuck out you and Fantasia (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Soon as I find that one , they gone be my lockscreen, header , allat (drooling face).. Wanna show my baby off
 (red exclamation mark)ATTENTION (red exclamation mark) Fam, when voting for MIAW Brasil and Latin America, you can mix BR and LA, BUT do NOT mix both BR categor…
New Jurassic World trailer (T-Rex)
We'll give you the whole world, we promise. Just stay healthy &amp; happy (purple heart)
SO SORRY IF I PARTICIPATE INTO A LOT OF GIVEAWAYS, I'M JUST TOO BROKE TO HONESTLY CARE SO PLEASE HELP ME REACH 200 RTS (loudly crying face)…
Con Facdyc Linares (sleepy face)
Nothing says confidence in your goalie like pulling him with 10:00 to go in the 2nd (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Alexa I am currently crying. That was so emotional!! (loudly crying face)
Alexa I am currently crying. That was so emotional!! (loudly crying face)
American:United_States: guys hate my face
This is super cool (exploding headexploding headexploding headexploding head), how long did they practice ???
They certainly fit the description (face with rolling eyesrolling on the floor laughing). :United_States:
Suddenly got 20 friend requests on fb, what have I done now (thinking face)
I’m craving some boba (sneezing face)
Daily Giveaway on DatDrop! Cropped Corset (love-you gesture) * RT &amp; Follow * Tag your best CSGO friends in comment + (link) your profile…
2v1 still acting like dumbasses. Lone wolf I don’t need nobody. Y’all getting owned (person facepalming)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming)‍ (male sign) (person facepalming)‍ (male sign) tf is y’all doing
Blessed to Visit CSU (folded hands) (medium skin tone) I learned so much and it was a great experience thanks to &amp; https:/…
RT OR VOTE FOR Use the Hashtag (backhand index pointing down) (backhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing downbackhand index pointing down)
I’d rather be bored with other people rather then by myself (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Stop recycling old skins pls (middle finger) (medium skin tone)
 (person facepalming)‍ (male sign).... (shushing face) Says the guy who delayed our first fight by 5 months because of injury. (face with tears of joyperson shrugging)‍ (male sign) https://t…
It’s a fire consuming everything it knows Just to grow (fire)
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) YAS tho . No one gave a fuck about me at 5 months except prob my ma but she had the class to…
faith4verlives 50 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 50 people.
The 911 Turbo and 911 GT3 in this (sun) at
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful (smiling face with heart-eyes) These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
I need those sunglasses cookie rockin! Fashion always on point! (smiling face with sunglassessmiling face with sunglassessmiling face with heart-eyesmusical notemusical notesfirefirefirefire)
Blessed to Visit CSU (folded hands) (medium skin tone) I learned so much and it was a great experience thanks to &amp; https:/…
Pray for Siria :Syria:
Happy 28th birthday to you, (balloon)
YALL WRONG FOR THIS (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Ikr??? Whats happening (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) is this a comeback hint (smiling face with hornssmiling face with horns) you are me i an me you me i me me me m…
just wanna save my money , drink water and mind my own business (money-mouth face)
boys still talkin like the film aint said enough (sleeping facesleeping facesleeping face) EAT ALL 2018 FAM!!!
NICE FOR WHAT TO THESE (person blond hair) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (male sign) (person beard) (medium skin toneperson beard) (medium-dark skin tone)
just wanna save my money , drink water and mind my own business (money-mouth face)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
I don't, but, each one to their own (face with tears of joy)
You know what (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) shooters shoot and I hope you made it.
Army look at this beautiful add on Time Square (double exclamation mark)
wouldn’t trade you for this whole world. thankful just being your girl. (red heart)
I appreciate you. (face blowing a kiss)
hey u a cute girl (beating heart) keep takin pics, luv u
waaaaahhhh I'mscreamiiiiinggg (sparkling heart)
my back is throbbing (confounded face)
We (smiling face with heart-eyes) Tuesday's What about you? 1. 2. J-Hope 3. &amp;
€ (kissing face)Follow me and everyone who like or retweet this
- My Mom Looked Me In My Eyes &amp; Said Dont Make The Same Mistake I Made (disappointed face) If You Allow It &amp; Do Nothing About It Nothing Will Change (hundred points)
Your welcome you know us girls gotta keep an eye out from them cutie (smiling face with heart-eyes)
This time it wasn’t PayPal (grimacing face) But who knows what the future will bring us. What about entering the crypto space…
The park be so dry (weary face)
Its in wattpad and let me tell you, smut is (check markhundred points) but there is use of drugs || violence || foul language || BDSM-ish (smiling face) a…
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (candy)
You two are toooooo much. Hilarious fun ! pietro (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingclown face)
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (candy)
Why is Lebron winning right now lol (neutral face)
I'm so annoyed with this dude. (face with rolling eyesface with rolling eyes)
If you can’t jam out to this song with me, we can’t be friends (person shrugging) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (fast down button) watch (fast down button) orgy porn group amateur russian xxx sex nsfw porno
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
Hey Bridget! Typically, current seasons are posted on streaming services soon after they're aired on TV first. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Love the fact she has piercings and tattoos (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
Trump retweeted this woman today. Only the best people. (face with rolling eyes)
 (basketballface with tears of joybasketballbasketball) just tee him up!
My screen! No choices (angry face)
To my precious Jongdae, 10 days from now, I will be able to see you in person. I am very excited as of the moment! (smiling face with heart-eyesface blowing a kiss)…
4 to How Your Is (horse racing)
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
Prayers up to Coach Pop (folded hands) (light skin tonefolded hands) (light skin tone)
Look out The AG and the boys are going after Robert Mueller ‘s girlfriend. Expect the spin (backhand index pointing down) (medium-light skin tone) …
 (police car light)RETWEET THIS TO VOTE FOR ME (police car light) And don't forget to vote on App!
 (police car lightpolice car light) BREAKING: Eleven GOP Congressmen Unite to Refer Comey, Clinton, McCabe, Lynch &amp; FBI Agents for Criminal Prosecution htt…
anyone who knows me, knows I was made to live on an island. this life gets me. (water wavesun) (hibiscuspalm treerevolving hearts)
 (cherry blossom)[ Giveaway] (cherry blossom) Jimin doll with eggshell set (hatching chick) (bellhop bell)The rules are in the pic 1 I will randomly pick a winner on 25th Apri…
such an awesome and amazing performance (red heart) oh did I also mention (firefirefirefire)
RAW (squinting face with tongue) PC - Richard Arthur
this little boy knows how to get off of the bed. (person facepalming) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign) my peaceful life is over.
LeGoat James 29pts, 8reb, &amp; 4ast at halftime.. never test his goatness again (zipper-mouth faceshushing face)
you’re so pretty (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
I saw y’all sayin that. I was like (thinking face) Genius got it wrong. I’m def saying North; but in that NY accent it sounds more like…
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game (firefirefire)
y’all don’t know shit (unamused face)read ah MF book or something they been doin this for YEARS.
Deals (mobile phone with arrow)
yes of course. we love a confident sister (star-struckdouble exclamation mark)
can school be done already? (face with rolling eyes)
Wtf (loudly crying face) I never got to pay attention to it.
'I tell you what freedom is to me: No fear.' Nina Simone (copyright) Ave Pildas 1964
It's safe to say there was plenty of MAGIC! at last year's Summer Concert Series (winking face)
Pg on 1 again tonight (clapping hands) (medium-dark skin toneclapping hands) (medium-dark skin tonefolded hands) (medium skin tone)
This is my little Buster I love him with all my heart (red heart)
these last 2 weeks about to be so stressful (weary faceweary face)
follow everyone who retweets this (bullseye)
how can people even still slander lebron (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
Theatre bizarre. at end of CLICK HERE (fast-forward buttonfast-forward button) (fast reverse buttonfast reverse button)
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
this saturday i was suppose to take my business final but i have work from 9-2 and then babysit from 3:30-7 (upside-down face)
That’s my LS (red heart)
 (backhand index pointing down) (medium-light skin tone) This thread cracked open “white feminism” for me. If you find yourself raising an eyebrow at the term, READ THIS…
music therapy (smirking face)
Ahhhh thank you!!! (loudly crying face)
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkles) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
 (cat face)first try (rabbit face)
East coast I’ll be live tweeting with you during the musical episode! tune in, 45 minutes (red heart) …
Go download “nobody else” by Casso BLAX now (firefirefire) tune (firefirefire)
I love my life very much (growing hearttangerinesparkles) Being an artist is the best job I could ever have hoped for. Forever grateful to whateve…
All my fans will love this! Please watch (red heart) (fire)
coming down the lane! (hammer)
Sorry for the random tag (heart exclamation)
Everyday music video (firefirefirefirefirefire)
God thank you for everything. (folded hands) (medium-dark skin toneheart suit) (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
I need ah bittie wid army strong birth control cause ah nigga tired of pulling out and buying condoms (loudly crying face)
And they now turn on the rocks theme song. Definitely doesn't help (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Cute (face blowing a kissface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)
i love this sweatshirt so much :,) (smiling face with open handslipstickblue heartorange heart)
RT: (cityscape at dusk) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Hello, fellow Let’s have a (confetti ballparty popper) There is no more time to stay silent! Follow the this Novem…
mindless self indulgence taking me right back to the glory days of 2008 (weary face)
he asked someone else ! (beaming face with smiling eyes)
 (maple leaf) (maple leaf) (maple leaf) (maple leaf) (maple leaf) (maple leaf) (maple leaf) A PLACE TO STAND, A PLACE TO GROW, June 7, Vote (small blue diamond)DOUG FORD (small blue diamond)…
If you don’t watch HGTV then get the fuck out of my face (face with tears of joy)
I snorted then giggled when i saw this (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Calvin the Cavapoo (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Woohoo everyone who placed orders for MaNo are all getting the Photobook too (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
headless woman spotted at walgreens (eyeeye)
 (musical keyboard)Full of humor! Fun! (musical keyboard) My song! (backhand index pointing down) htt…
One of my four reasons for living... (purple heartblue heartgreen heartorange heart) . .
Wow (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) Her voice (microphone)
I ALREADY look at Trump with disgust! Every minute, of every day of my life! Puke (face vomiting)!!!!
Talk to me baby (hundred pointsconfused face)
Showing off the new smile like (grimacing face) Elisabeth is happy because she gets to wear her new smile to prom this year! Yay…
Happiest birthday, Mimi! Wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy (blue heart)…
 (baseball) Final: 14 4
back in the 409 (thinking face)
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this (loudly crying face) …
Here’s a song for you… Fragment II by boerd (sparkles)
I wish taking pics like this was still a popular thing to do. I think it’s cute tbh &amp; I’d be down to do this (loudly crying face) …
bitch sowon and chungha friendship though (loudly crying face)
I want dick (smirking face)
bro. That’s why we have this emoji (goblin) shook. We must all now use this emoji to represent a strap. We shall mark this day down…
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
good job (clapping hands) (light skin tone) is ready for another hour of voting. Lets keep voting guys. BBMAs voting will sta…
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
Tryna secure this bag tomorrow. Today was just the intro (money bag)
Went shopping for deuce &amp; somehow it became about Auyden (unamused face)
When bunny and Naina were staring at each other (smiling face with heart-eyes)
happy birthday !! ilysm (face blowing a kisspurple heart)
The King (crown) doing royal things
OMFG YES (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful (smiling face with heart-eyes) These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
Everyone got their popcorn ready? (popcorn) Good. It’s time to watch crush, smash and destroy the
that looks so good (smiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handssmiling face with open handsloudly crying facered heart)
When someone from Syria contact you and you have to let them know you don’t fw Trump (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
happy birthday !! ilysm (face blowing a kisspurple heart)
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful (smiling face with heart-eyes) These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
I can sit here and watch all day! (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! (dog faceperson running)
THE CHOREO FOR LET GO!! IM SPEECHLESS!! IM CRYING!! (copyright)12v30th
Bring me to rehab. Im addicted to iced coffee vanilla (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
thank you (loudly crying facesmiling face with halo)
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
He really squared up with the cop (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I can sit here and watch all day! (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
My drive home from work included this view today. (blue heart)
Good morning Mr. President &amp; you have proven not only to your fellow:United_States:but to the world that peace through strength is t…
 (smiling face with open hands)you’re never alone (smiling face with open hands)
Thanks for sharing this with me! (crossed fingers) (gorilla)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) good luck
So proud of my boys being apart of the District Art Show!! (artist palettered heart) (smiling face with heart-eyes) @ Kyrene School District
I love this man (face blowing a kiss)he’s got common sense!
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
Idk who taught my baby this BS (double exclamation mark) (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) IG:meetthesaunders24
happy WEDNESDAY! YOU are in control of your happiness, and what kind of day you will have. Make today fcking AWESOME (smiling face with open handssmiling face with open hands)
"Forever we are young" (purple heart) cr. BTSorbit
This Rose Lamp would be the cutest gift (wrapped gift) (smiling face with heart-eyes) (rose)
Second anniversary of solo (folded hands) (light skin tone)
Just watch black dude face the whole time (face with tears of joy)
LeBron James drops the first 16 points of Game 2. (face screaming in fear)
They were fine (thumbs up)
im ugly as the fuck rn ohwell (smiling face) (grinning face with sweat)
took two sleeping pills instead of one so we’re going (airplane)hard sleep
No snap back. (skull)
group work is the bane of my life (expressionless faceface with rolling eyes)
Just watch black dude face the whole time (face with tears of joy)
Whut (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
patience my fellow king i know da streets dry rn (pensive face)
Whut (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
"It's good to know that Bo still like eating pound cake." (skull)
Goodnight babbies (nail polishred heart)
She’s adorable Tati (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
 (police car light)ANOTHER STAIN ON THE FBI (police car light) An FBI agent who was caught in a Trump admin. crackdown pled guilty Tuesday to leaking classi…
handle with care (blossom)
“Good people lie” - Hold my beer, I gotta go charge Flynn with lying... (face with rolling eyes)
 (plus) ready for this &amp; tokyo
handle with care (blossom)
This is a good game, let me not jinx it. (basketball)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
say that shit again (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark)
handle with care (blossom)
see this why I Been Inlove with you since my 9th grade year lmao (smiling face with heart-eyes) that’s one person not tired of it lol (raising hands) (medium skin tone)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
The best thing to hold onto life is each other (face blowing a kiss)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
handle with care (blossom)
A letter from my dad to a teacher during my school years. I think the appropriate emojis are (face with tears of joy) and (see-no-evil monkey). “Life’s hard enough”…
handle with care (blossom)
HELLO HELLO HELLO THE EP IS OUT!!! (fireraising hands) (light skin tone) SKSKS
handle with care (blossom)
Worst (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
handle with care (blossom)
show sum love (smiling face with hornspeach)
Nerve Agent " was used and produced in the since 2008. The Patent (backhand index pointing right)us 9,132,135 b2 (backhand index pointing left) confirms this. Here's…
Her beauty. Her smile. I love. (star-struckred heart)
Lawyer-ing &gt;&gt; Family Court - Monmouth County ........ (balance scale) (balance scale) ........+ +
this pic is off the (chains) I couldn’t resist (rolling on the floor laughing) Last Coachella pic I promise
I got you (winking face) can't wait to see you slay that stage!!!
A month ago today, I watched as she took her last breath. (loudly crying facesad but relieved facebroken heart) Just like that, my mother was gone
Goal is overturned as the play is ruled offside… Back to 1-1. (upside-down face)
I’m on my phone, I do what I want (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
like this if you tryna be my friend, i'm bored af at work. (face with rolling eyes)
Well that was easy Comey just admitted he and McCabe lied (person shrugging) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
WooGyu in pink hoodie (two hearts)
is planning to be showed on the 3rd quarter of the year. (smiling face with heart-eyessparkles) (front-facing baby chick)
 (red circle) L I V Ξ We playing with make-up from and creating a fun festival look! Plus make-up
I thought niggaz forgot about me (relieved face)
It was pretty smooth. (face with tears of joy)
It was pretty smooth. (face with tears of joy)
I need to follow more yuta accounts (weary face)
Awww does it make you feel better to attack children. You are such a wonderful loving person (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)you…
I’ve literally never hated a character more than betty cooper (skull)
What a cutie tootie (smiling cat with heart-eyes)
Tattoo party in Alaska (check mark) Nate and are up next!
 (rabbit facetumbler glassdashing away) 5↑ 5↓ crop https://t…
how about just trying to act a little more presidential... Like this guy (down arrow) (down arrow) (down arrow) (down arrow) …
Happy 18th birthday to the best boyfriend a girl could ask for! I love you Anthony (two hearts)
 (fire) 24 HOUR PUBG FLASH GIVEAWAY! (fire) To Enter: (check mark button) Retweet (check mark button) Visit BetPUBG: (check mark button) Follow: (check mark button) Fo…
 (fire) 24 HOUR PUBG FLASH GIVEAWAY! (fire) To Enter: (check mark button) Retweet (check mark button) Visit BetPUBG: (check mark button) Follow: (check mark button) Fo…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
7 princes on the stage (face with tears of joyface with tears of joysmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Sharks game on Sunday !? (thinking face)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Later (kiss mark)
 (diamond suit)Go rogue Please play Take a listen and give this young artist a spin…
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
Ain’t ever competing for nobody’s love nor attention, if theirs somebody else then fuck it they can have you tf (person tipping hand) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
blackwatch moira (fire)
Support (smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes)
 (trident emblem) Very Hot (trident emblem) (trident emblem)➤
May you find moments of quiet reflection, serenity and beauty. (blossom) Have a fabulous week! (blossom)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
That’s some amazing fucking (sweat droplets)
How many of y’alls twitter accounts is older than 7 years... let’s know the twitter OGs (person raising hand) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (raising hands) YASSS It's time for a great show Monamuuu`:Boa Noiteeeeeeee
 (police car light)amazing stickers for sale (police car light) I’m selling these sticker (Raley and BISON) for $5 ALL the money that is raised will go to…
LOL GIRL STOP (stop sign)
Only one more month till I’m in NYC (raising hands) (medium skin tone)
 (wavy dash) these pics are beautifully taken by hellovenus that I cropped into a wallpaper size. feel free to use! (yellow heartsparkles)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
Nbs whoever u fuck with should match how you coming (hundred pointshundred pointshundred points)
follow me (raising hands)
Nbs whoever u fuck with should match how you coming (hundred pointshundred pointshundred points)
The doughnuts (doughnut) (doughnutdoughnutdoughnutdoughnut) have arrived for 7-Year LA celebration!
 (wavy dash) these pics are beautifully taken by hellovenus that I cropped into a wallpaper size. feel free to use! (yellow heartsparkles)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
i love you so so so much thank you and ditto (two heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
Put these Fuck boys on notice (flexed biceps) (medium-light skin tone)
is jumpingggggggg (double exclamation mark)
Paul's brother (loudly crying face):Japan:
 (fire) last 12 matches: (VS button) (soccer ball) (VS button) (soccer ball) (VS button) (soccer ball) (VS button) (soccer ballsoccer ball) (VS button) (soccer ballsoccer ballsoccer ballsoccer ball) (VS button)
I got the business from my ex in law's about how my cats were gonna steal my baby's breath...she's 13 now! (face with tears of joyoncoming fist)
One month to go! (admission tickets)
Wasn’t expecting all that (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Anyone wanna cheer me up? I’m a little sad rn.... (face with head-bandage)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)better bring extra blankets na boy
Happy birthday to one of my very best friends. I love you and miss you so much hot stuff!!!! (two heartstwo hearts)
Late but I'm here (kiss mark) (tonguecherries)
Let's go to the carnival (ferris wheel)
OMG NAO STOP i'm soft ;;;; love u my first namjinist mutual ;; (growing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
interviews (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (party popper)Our next drawing is April 20th which lands on Celebrate by playing a game with…
 (police car light)SHOW DAY! I’m sangin’ on live TV tonight 8/7c. Don’t forget to LIVE vote while is performing! luh you all. H…
OMG NAO STOP i'm soft ;;;; love u my first namjinist mutual ;; (growing heartgrowing heartgrowing heart)
We are here (odenodenoden)
Sort of like spontaneous combustion without the fire. (bomb)
Thanks love (heart with arrowheart with arrow) and yes she does
 (SOS button) URGENT TO BE KILLED 18TH APRIL 2018 (SOS button) I'm Ravioli 25080. A female black &amp; white cat at the Manhattan Animal Care Center. I…
:keycap_2::keycap_9: for No. 23
Sweet and Sour Tokwa (Tofu) Recipe (right arrow)
No one and I mean NO ONE should want to claim dat shit or be proud of it js (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Hold on so men don’t know the difference between yeast and actual cum? (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) aw that’s mad wild b
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Whole rebellious shit this summer (mouthface with tongue)
Yo Let’s collaborate (thinking face)!. What you guys think Nation? RT if you’d like that! …
Thicc' Foot Fine (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
i think the person i highlighted there is gonna be the main (eyes)
Whole rebellious shit this summer (mouthface with tongue)
Outfits con Crop Top para un look Sexy y Casual (2018). (person tipping hand) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign) (dresskiss mark) Ver (backhand index pointing right)
Thanks for the shout-out! (waving hand) Let me know if you have any questions!
good morning potatoes (potatosun with face)
LMAO THE END (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Good night, Sweetie (sunflower)
Happiness means (smiling face with heart-eyeskissing face with closed eyes)
NCTmentary EP5. jungwoo extended cut (nail polish)
Are the Cavs playing man D? This is fun basketball (basketball).
Follow everyone who Retweets this (trophy)
GORGEOUS (red heart). IMY (red heart)
I AM CRYING (loudly crying face)
CLICK HERE (fast-forward buttonfast-forward buttonfast-forward button) (fast reverse buttonfast reverse buttonfast reverse button) Best dating sites canada. Free
Cookie (red heart)
Cookie (red heart)
Good night, Sweetie (sunflower)
LDOC Everyone’s Invited Get Your Tickets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; (raised fist) (medium-dark skin toneraised fist) (medium-dark skin tone)asap …
finally soldier ji chang wook and kang haneul in one frame (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Look at Hakeem as a mentor...I like that look on him...I’m seeing a bromance sparking and it’s LIT (smiling face with heart-eyesstar-struckblack heartsmiling face with open hands)
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Please give them a privacy and respect them not only as your idol but as a human too (folded hands)
cute (glowing star)
Me after listening to The ElyXiOn intro (loudly crying faceheart with arrow)
will never get over how beautiful this video is (smiling face with heart-eyesdrooling facesmiling face with heart-eyes)
Some links to tide you over this draught (rolling on the floor laughing)
“That bitch, Trump, was tweetin’ again” (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
J-line visuals~ (firefire)
 (check mark) [ - THIS - TWEET ] (check mark) (check mark) afollowapple and RETWEETERS (check mark) (check mark) FOR 100+ FOLLOWERS FAST (check mark) (check mark) (check mark) 0.3
Thousands of members joined in the last week! (waving hand) Learn more about in this short video.
“That bitch, Trump, was tweetin’ again” (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Why is it when you're really hungry, all social media has to offer is pictures of delicious looking food. (face with rolling eyessleepy face)
 (warning) 2K Games is having issues since 08:00 PM EST. (backhand index pointing right) RT if you are also having issues
Good afternoon! Thank you for joining us for the launch of (rocket) (satellite) from Cape Canaveral, Florida. Today’s 30 second…
Good afternoon! Thank you for joining us for the launch of (rocket) (satellite) from Cape Canaveral, Florida. Today’s 30 second…
FRIENDS, FAMILY, and FOOD (grinning squinting face)
I BOUGHT A VIP TICKET FOR WANNA ONE IN CHICAGO!!!!!!!! Selling my P1 for a reasonable price, please send DM (smiling face with open hands)…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
Oh how I love you sid!!! (smiling face with heart-eyespenguinpenguin)
Valerya Leal 2/2 (winking face with tongue)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Today I got to teach clarinet lessons for a few minutes... or rather, these 6th grade clarinet all stars taught me! (musical notes)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Lol guess I’ll be the only one to use my brain in this comment section (rolling on the floor laughing)
Morty found a duck egg at the park today!! (egg) (duck)
Thank God na i tried this facial care brand. Like, siya na yung perfect match ko in all aspect. Sana lovelife naman. Chz (grinning faceface with tears of joy)
Made some rolling trays with my artwork (weary face) now my smoking collection is looking nice (sparkles)
Gone to the Dark Side (smirking facetwo heartsperson tipping hand) (light skin tone) SWIPE to see this stunning by using to prote…
[ANALYSIS (bar chart)] NEXT BIG SOUND Weekly Report: April 7 - April 13, 2018. https://t…
this is what the world map sounds like on the piano (face with open mouth)
Save my girl by RT-ing this tweet right now! (microphonemicrophone)
I might just have to see u when I get out of jhs (face with monocleface with monocle)
Battling depression is no fucking joke! (disappointed face)
 (trophy) MTV Miaw: KPOP EXPLOSION (trophy) (check mark button)Estimated Total Tweets + RTs for Voting is unlimit…
Black Excellence (flexed biceps) (dark skin tone)
I’m cool to the touch. (wilted flower)
HIS VOICE ALWAYS GETS ME (face with tears of joyskullskull)
HES GOT THAT FRESH CUT (face with tongue)
Omg I’m so stressed ughhh (weary face)
It's happening! Cannot stop smiling (smiling face with sunglassesface with tonguewinking facesmiling face with smiling eyes)
 (smiling face with heart-eyes)Check out Apple iPad Pro-9.7"-128GB-Space Grey-W/UAG
I wanna hug this baby (loudly crying faceloudly crying facebaby bottle)
Not bad (winking face)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
 (SOS buttoncross mark)URGENT!! This tiny baby and siblings need rescue ASAP!!
Wait for me to come home (smiling face with smiling eyesmusical notes)
Are any of these Females gonna differ themselves from the next?! I mean Damn!!! (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
Wish I could tell you guys what I’m doing today but I can’t. (weary face). I CAN say it’s ALBUM related &amp; it’s currently my favorite t…
Wait for me to come home (smiling face with smiling eyesmusical notes)
I’d never slap box shorty (face with head-bandage)
~... (tulip)One DAY You'll Miss those Morning TEXT "Messages" I send YOU (cherry blossom) (tulip)One DAY You'll Miss how I…
Unit (squinting face with tongueweary face)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Who would have thought feeding a toddler is like pulling teeth!!!!! (face with symbols on mouth)
i love you so so so much gia thank you for always being here for me (red heart)
They don’t call him the King for no reason (person shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign) (crowngoat)
I MISS MY B! (loudly crying face)
If I had friends as a kid, I probably would have never learned to mind my business, or observe people. (face with tears of joy)
Now THAT is a cool use of a 3D printer - designing replacement parts that are measured &amp; fit properly! (skull)
Bruh (crying faceloudly crying facedisappointed face)
 (honey potsun with face) Honey Flavor
You’re welcome, Autumn. (grinning face)
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute (face with rolling eyes)
 (honey potsun with face) Honey Flavor
Harry Potter is a great thing for the world. That is all. (clapping hands)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) soon
Ariana Grande has shared a snippet of "No Tears Left To Cry" on her Instagram! (rainbow) …
What (weary catweary catweary cat)- Carnivore diet showing sign of reversing arterial disease (thinking face)- don’t tell the vegans, they might cry …
That’s exactly why u ain’t spell “say” right. Tryna be so damn cute (face with rolling eyes)
-First jump!! (smiling face with heart-eyesduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduckduck)
just ran over yet another median (grinning face with sweat)
The OT3 (trade mark)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
Morning all my beautiful floof pals Malibu is so much better today eating well not been sick yay (red heart)hope all my floof pa…
*fist bump* (red heart) It’s been something I’ve been torn up over for years, but I’ve finally found a good ther…
New episode Alert (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (rocketrocketrocketrocket)
It’s just Twitter and you are just a Twit (face with rolling eyes)
Thanks! (cherry blossom)
Accra we dey :Ghana::Ghana:
[ ] (party popper) ARMY, J-Hope's "Daydream" MV surpassed 50M views on YouTube! With more than 3M (thumbs up) (paperclip) Link: …
New episode Alert (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (rocketrocketrocketrocket)
Ooooooo saucy (eyes)
 (oncoming automobile) Meet Claudia Parsons, and explorer. In 1919 Parsons was inspired by the newly founded to apply to
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie (raising hands) few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na (smiling face)
Special custom nudes and vids. Come and buy (kiss mark) kik me Kik right now (smiling face with hornssmirking face)
Alex is always talking about her mum, what about her DAD? (thinking facethinking facethinking face)
Hehehe....Good morning cutieputoootie (raising hands) few days more to go, 19 Years Old ka na (smiling face)
vid up on my channel (orange heartred heart) (growing heartyellow heart)
Wouldn’t be possible without your help (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark)
His smile when exo-l was mentioned I literally uwu-ed out loud (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
You ready to start streaming straight from the toilet? (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Trump's degree of toughness towards Russia. He went from rimming Putin's ass (backhand index pointing right) to crawling inside Putin's anus and call…
nigga cheating through email (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
SLAYING THE GAME WHATTTTT (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
We are grateful to for digitally restoring classic:Philippines: films and giving the rare chance to viewers to watch…
Thank you! (smiling face with open hands)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
GIRL this is why you my best friend ALL LOVE FOR YOU (weary face)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Why don’t you just live your life and stop tweeting indirectly about how mad you are you’re not in a relationship (face with tears of joy)
 (police car light)So just posted a poll (police car light) in their website asking 'Who do you think has been dominating 2018 so far?' our boys…
You do realize it's called doing a storyline and its only entertainment. (unamused faceunamused faceunamused face)
[ (chart increasing)STATS] - (05:00) (backhand index pointing right) MelOn (small blue diamond) DNA - 34 (4 spots (backhand index pointing up)) (small blue diamond) Spring Day - 38 (6 spot (backhand index pointing up)) (small blue diamond) Go Go - 78 (7 spots (backhand index pointing up)) (small blue diamond)…
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
[ ARMY: To Do] (dvd) Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
Lucid Dream. (herbtwo heartsmusical notesmusical notes)
hangover (face vomiting)
Boom (cat facetiger facered heart) (red heart) (red heart)
Im really so thick (weary faceface with tears of joy) like yes weight (smiling face with heart-eyes)
I had to do some slight shit (fire)
Im really so thick (weary faceface with tears of joy) like yes weight (smiling face with heart-eyes)
duuuuuuuude (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
D-400 (sunflowersunflowersunflowersunflower) 170317 Reminiscence of a Novelist in HONG KONG - Forever (feat.규와이) (play button) Full HD ver. …
[CAPS] JUNGKOOK, V y SUGA image flag. BTS Japan 4th Muster Fanmeeting (glowing star) Cr. 什么都有…
That smile though (heart suit)!
 (green heart) Introduction to (green heart)
that shit did the granny smith apple (ear) (dog face) (END arrow) Thank you, -flippo
Y'ALL, EDDIE'S 'BOUT TO GET HIS A$$ WHOOPED. (face with open mouth)
Me (frog)irl
 (double exclamation mark)Release the Memos (double exclamation mark) Rosenstein needs to know if he doesn’t meet the deadline to turn over the Comey Memos, t…
How do you even recover after this? (exploding headtired face)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
Trust Can Take You Ah Long Way (broken hearthundred pointshundred points)
difundan (green heart)
Okay (relieved face) new sister WOOP WOOP!
1 million subscribers on YouTube plaque! Looks so good &lt;3 almost ready for my 10 million (see-no-evil monkey)
What’s the hold up?? (frowning face)
Did you use the “Kylie Jenner” magic trick? (face with tears of joy)
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) wala niouley gueureum guey diayy yaarou
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
CB - Loyal (Xclusive version) (fire)
I'll write verses om My arm...In Blood... (milky way) ....we are just stardust
 (rolling on the floor laughing) mad mean (weary face)
Not bad (winking face)
RETWEET TO (B button (blood type))E NEXT VIDEO’S SHOUTOUT! (CHOOSING 5) **NEW VIDEO!** REACTING TO EMO BANDS ON CRACK 54! …
that shit did the granny smith apple (ear) (dog face) (END arrow) Thank you, -flippo
 (camera with flash) EXO Suho, Baekhyun &amp; Kai today at the release ceremony for EXO official commemorative medal~ EXO is the first Kpop id…
Scanning Overwatch Archives Challenge files… Now activating: UPRISING STORY MODE (backhand index pointing right) https://t.…
my 9 year old niece is as tall as me (frowning face) (upside-down face)
Road trip (firefirefirefire)
WHEN YOUR EDC TICKET ARRIVES (admission tickets) IM JUST A LITTLE EXCITED (squinting face with tongue)
If i start gaining weight in all the wrong places ima b mad asf (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
If i start gaining weight in all the wrong places ima b mad asf (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I just CACKLED! (face with tears of joy)
Yall see that last track (eyes) "Intro to the fall out" 2 albums for the summer???
I stay in my lane &amp; dnt bother nobody (index pointing up) (medium-dark skin tone)
Why is Twitter copyrighting everything now. (thumbs down) (medium-light skin tone)
THE REAL IS BACK (raising hands) (dark skin tone)
That Young Thug and Nicki song is a jam tho (OK hand) (medium-light skin tonemusical notes)
Trump: The Man Who Created A Political Revolution. (backhand index pointing right) (light skin tone)They said it could not be done. (backhand index pointing right) (light skin tone)They sai…
If you want a Loyal Patriot! (eagle) :United_States: :United_States: :United_States: :United_States: PLEASE give a follow to (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) (red heart) He…
Jimin heading the Army chants at the billboard awards (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts) He looks so relieved and proud
Herb’s been a daddy for less than a week &amp; he’s already Daddy of the Year (trophyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Daddy and his kitten (cat)
Hi !!! Please help me by retweeting this !!!!!!!! (red heartred heart) Thank you !!! (two hearts)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Shorty lost her job, got arrested, and banned from her favorite seasonless restaurant for life. I (red heart) (red heart) this song https://t…
STOP THE PRESS! Thinkwell have a new book out, and guess who got a complimentary copy? (raising hands) (light skin tone)
 (sparkling heartsparkling heart) Beauty Bared (sparkling heartsparkling heart)
I FOLLOW BACK STRAIGHT AWAY (kissing face with closed eyeswinking facegrinning squinting facekissing face with closed eyeswinking facekissing face with closed eyeskissing facewinking facekissing face with closed eyeswinking facekissing facewinking facekissing face with closed eyesgrinning squinting faceface savoring foodgrinning squinting facesmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyesface savoring foodwinking faceface savoring foodsmiling face with smiling eyeswinking facegrinning face with big eyessmiling face with sunglasseskissing facegrinning squinting facegrinning squinting facegrinning face with smiling eyeskissing face with smiling eyessmiling face with heart-eyesgrinning face with smiling eyeskissing face with smiling eyesgrinning face with smiling eyessmiling face with heart-eyesgrinning face with big eyesgrinning face with big eyessmiling face with heart-eyesgrinning face with smiling eyesgrinning squinting facesmiling face with smiling eyesface savoring foodgrinning squinting facesmiling face with smiling eyesface savoring foodsmiling face with smiling eyeswinking faceface savoring foodsmiling face with smiling eyeswinking faceface savoring foodface savoring foodwinking facesmiling face with smiling eyeskissing face with closed eyes)…
I hate you libhongo (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I feel you (person facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (eyes) Make sure to get your tickets for the if you still haven't! It will take place at the in Las Vegas o…
NEW VIDEO: Dear Ex-Best Friend (a ukulele letter) (glowing star) Link: Retweet if you relate to heartbreak…
That wasnt no mf prank (face with steam from noseface with steam from noseface with steam from nose)
The weather in LA has been so perfecttt (smiling face with heart-eyes)
 (face with tears of joy) I post shit on purpose cause I know mfs watching my page (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingperson shrugging) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Thank youuu!! (red heart)
HUGE shoutout to my girl these candles smell AMAZING I can't wait to try them (smiling face with heart-eyesgrowing heart)
Skinny legend — Hey Jasmine (face blowing a kiss)
"The Doctor's Slave" (person bowing) Lights, camera, Action! P A R T 7 Pagalingin na natin tong pasyente ko.. Note: Pure FUN an…
Black Women do SUBMIT to their men but you have to actually be a MAN. (face with rolling eyes)
DONT MISS OUT BIGGEST EVENT OF THE YEAR!!! Get your $5 pre sale bands before it’s too late (sign of the horns) (medium-light skin tone) event will be located…
omg nothing more tragic than noticing how much weight you’ve put on (face vomitingnauseated face) someone wire my jaws shut plz bikini season is…
I try to caption my snapchats so if you’re hard of hearing you still know what I am saying (two hearts) Mostly my non-sexual ones…
 (no one under eighteen) Commission for Cyberia Large version with additional details will be on their page: …
“Ima kick you and yo daughter ass” (loudly crying faceskull)
Birthday was lit (sunflowerwinking face with tongue)
Like to be in a conspiracy theory gc (purple heart) rules: -All The Tea Allowed (smiling face) (hot beverage) -Be Lit (smiling face with open hands)
So ready to be at the beach (weary face)
when you really should read the fine print of your contract. (rolling on the floor laughing)
DAMN HATE IT WEN I SEE STRET VIOLENC!!! (thumbs downthumbs downthumbs downthumbs down)
i knew that nap was gonna turn into more than a nap (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Yes girl
Kasey Musgraves (thumbs up)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
 (no one under eighteen) Commission for Cyberia Large version with additional details will be on their page: …
Me 5 minutes after my boo leaves (loudly crying face)
dont judge, and u will not be judge (check mark) (hundred points)
Like to be in a conspiracy theory gc (purple heart) rules: -All The Tea Allowed (smiling face) (hot beverage) -Be Lit (smiling face with open hands)
From his fan in 2014.. Too teammates in 2018.. (hammer and pick)
You are beautiful (two hearts)..
PFA Team of the Year (check mark button) Captain's armband (check mark button) Premier League clean sheet no. 17 of the season (check mark button) Not a bad day, eh David? (winking face) https:…
27PTS, 8REB, 4AST... in the first half.
Denzel Washington hit with the Training Day bit (cigarette) (via
Hold On Wait (dvd)
“For some this place is sanctuary. Forever welcoming back, forever remembering its heroes.” (stadium) NEYLAND STADIUM (stadium)
[ ARMY: To Do] (dvd) Pre-order LY 轉 'Tear' → Non US/CAN () → US + CAN : (…
My pockets on scoliosis (face with steam from nosehundred pointshundred points)
What will and do in 2018? (eyes)
you look mad good w ya big ass head (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Hi !!! Please help me by retweeting this !!!!!!!! (red heartred heart) Thank you !!! (two hearts)
Thank you so much, phy! (loudly crying facesparkling heart)
When take on (smiling face with heart-eyesnail polish) LM HQ x
Daniella I have no words (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) I wheezed at 8:30am because of this HHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The Looming Tower!! (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
Me and my coworkers are legit like little kids at work (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) always got some kind of snack or candy at our desk
"It's good to know Bo still likes eating pound cake" (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
When take on (smiling face with heart-eyesnail polish) LM HQ x
NEXT TIME YA SEE ME CATCHING FEELINGS FOR SOMEONE PUNCH ME IN MY MF FACE. (rolling on the floor laughing)
My man has 9 clickers lined up and ready. If you can’t hold down your squad like this, you’re useless (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) …
When you're just not vibing with that yellow/green color photo of me taking a photo (camera with flashsparkles)
I (clapping hands) (medium-dark skin tone) Am (clapping hands) (medium-dark skin tone) EVERYTHING (clapping hands) (medium-dark skin tone)
Lmfao (face with tears of joyface with tears of joymiddle finger) (light skin tone)
dear lordy, that coming from you is hella ironic (hot beverage)
VOTE NOW... (slightly smiling face)
Damn prayers to him and his family (disappointed face)
Where is (thinking face)
Damn prayers to him and his family (disappointed face)
Man If a nigga ever cry cause he like me so much I would pass tf out (loudly crying face)
Good morning! (sun) (sun with face) CLEARANCE SALE continues vintageaccentph (sparkling heart) most items must go! (rocket) Further…
Happy Birthday babe. Smile for me. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
-- 180418 SHINee - anan vol. 2099 excerpts (sparkling heart) · Please note that these were done from japanese to korean translations and may…
“Wowwww so you just gone hang up?” (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Family photo. (camera with flash)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Like lion, like cub. (lion)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
 (red heartred heartface blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)Thank you all for 2k followers. (face blowing a kissface blowing a kissred heartred heart) Welcome and hope you enjoy (peach)
 (musical note)If you're guilty and u know it Tweet Away, (musical note)If you're guilty and u know it Tweet Away, (musical notes)If ur guilty and u know it, And…
 (grinning face) This does not mean starting tomorrow at work you can....
Plz Retweet! CRAZY ALIEN INVASION PRANK (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) …
my sister finally drank after 9 months of being pregnant and this is what happens (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) I am crying
Handsome gentlemen. (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
Lmao I’ll give distressed jeans a small bit of leeway but I completely feel you shit fine how it is fuck them (face with tears of joyperson shrugging) (dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
I have no bad blood with anybody just stay away from me (victory hand) (medium skin tone)
DuBai or JorDan ??? (winking face) Hashim (confused face) Nice KiD (winking face)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Homie has vibes are fiyahhh Follow the homie (sleeping facetwo hearts)
Follow everyone who LIKES this (cheese wedgewine glasscheck mark button) (fire)
Life is so much better when the sun is shining (sun) (yellow heart)
RT If You Want to be My Daddy and fuck me like this (right arrow)…
One day someone gone appreciate me (hundred points)
DuBai or JorDan ??? (winking face) Hashim (confused face) Nice KiD (winking face)
Yes girl
If I gotta die my mans gotta die...... his reaction (face with tears of joy)
My boyfriends bday is in 10 days and idk what to get him (crying face)
Jess...... (smiling face with horns)
Prospect Primer: WR Courtland Sutton, SMU (movie camera):
YALL WRONG FOR THIS (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
:United_Kingdom: Spray :Germany: Spray :France: Spray :Italy: Spray :Spain: Flus Flus
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit (face with tears of joy)
Have to give a full breakdown for every mood (loudly crying faceface with tears of joy)
jin gave jimin a piggy back ride (black heart)
Spring semester is always the worsttt. My classes aren’t even hard, I just don’t wanna do shit (face with tears of joy)
He is a (eggplant) but not a journalist
 (loudly crying facebroken heart) 3-0...this is awful
k9_jester
Artistically thirst trapping (artist paletteartist paletteartist palette)
PAIDIAGON 42418 (rocketrocket)
Keep doing your thing, teachers. We admire you! (raising hands)
Woke up fresh faced and ready to go, back in Hamburg shooting for today (smiling face with smiling eyes)
"Our" girls? "The dog gone girl is mine (musical notesmusical note) yes she's mine mine mine (musical notemusical notes)"
4/18 fanmeeting:Japan: trans JP Tae choosed JK as a partner in a 4 of emotionals expression segment. (tiger face)I'll exp…
bitches having pressure bout a nigga (face with rolling eyes) lameeeee UNSTABLE BITCH
This is so awesome!! (nauseated facenauseated facethumbs up)
me: mum i just wanted to tell you that im gay.. mum: okay me: mum: can i ask a question? me: yeah sure!! anything (smiling face with smiling eyes) mum: to…
7 years have passed quickly. things have changed, but our hearts stay the same (two heartspanda) thank you for existing, apink…
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) https://…
I’ve been eating like shit and somehow still dropping weight (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) (thumbs up) (medium skin tone)
 (eight-pointed star) RETWEET (eight-pointed star) IF (eight-pointed star) YOU (eight-pointed star) RAP (eight-pointed star) (fire) Follow ( 7.1
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
"Our" girls? "The dog gone girl is mine (musical notesmusical note) yes she's mine mine mine (musical notemusical notes)"
bodyyyyyy (sweat droplets)
Some of my things to decorate my pacifiers came in today!!!! (ribbon)
Saw tonight at Men’s league. There my be better men out there, but not many. (flag in hole) (flag in hole)
7 years have passed quickly. things have changed, but our hearts stay the same (two heartspanda) thank you for existing, apink…
saturday im spinning at the delta. (grinning cat with smiling eyes) pull up on ya girl. (balloon)
Cookie walked through that hospital door to see Poundcake and my heart wanted to explode in tears! (black heartbroken heartblack heart)
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
I walk and that bitch spent Kkz you ain't spend shit (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
This is so awesome!!!! (sign of the horns) (medium-light skin tone)
Cookie walked through that hospital door to see Poundcake and my heart wanted to explode in tears! (black heartbroken heartblack heart)
Will gala with my girls. (sparkling heart)
Always in the mood for (sleeping facegrimacing face)
A little more action from this week's shoot with Maria? We thought you might say yes (winking face) Check out the Incredible Gallery and…
Hey Drew, We get it... You forgot who is so here's a quick refresher (smiling face with smiling eyesschool)
Better Text Me Back (neutral face)
Big chiefers (leaf fluttering in wind) post yo selfie (smiling face with sunglasses)
Maaaaan no wonder why mfs is broke (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (rolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughingrolling on the floor laughing) saw this and thought of you (face with tears of joy) why
PG’s at it again... (OK hand)
army, follow who retweet this (dog face)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) …
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
! All different personalities , but united as one ! (hundred pointsgrinning facefolded handstwo hearts)
I love you (red heart)
fuckfuckfuck, I can't go to work clouded by dirty thoughts like this (face with crossed-out eyes)
Saturday night party (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Next relationship I’m n y’all won’t know until we 7 months deep (face with tears of joy)
fuckfuckfuck, I can't go to work clouded by dirty thoughts like this (face with crossed-out eyes)
blackwatch moira (fire)
New hat (video camera): cattery_greycat
I DONT KNOW IF IM GOING TO BE LUCKY OR WHAT BUT PLEASE RT THIS TWEET AND HELP ME TO GET WANNAONE LIGHTSTICK. HELP JUSEYOOO (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)…
 (video camera): little_milo_munchkin
Let's relive the first round (clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands) (&amp; we suggest not discreetly watching it at work as you'll have trouble keeping your e…
Everything sema thookam (smiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyessmiling face with smiling eyes)
And on Wednesday’s the Flyers always pull Elliot (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
i need the version of my pfp without the lines help a gal out (flushed face)
Let's relive the first round (clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands) (&amp; we suggest not discreetly watching it at work as you'll have trouble keeping your e…
 (cityscape at dusk) (backhand index pointing rightoncoming taxi) For Taxi (telephone receiver)703-445-4450
i need the version of my pfp without the lines help a gal out (flushed face)
CORY CONACHER!!!! (police car light)
I stopped researching my book to Google if I was researching too much ( (face with tears of joy)) and found…
seokjin and jungkook slaying that falsetto wow their voices are so amazing (copyright) 12v30th
No tonight (frowning face) (frowning face) What should I do now?!
I stopped researching my book to Google if I was researching too much ( (face with tears of joy)) and found…
Girl you’re gorgeous (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
East Coast, holla @ us! RETWEET if you're watching (raised fist) (medium-dark skin tone)
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
Mood: (sleeping face) Relationship Status: (woman and man holding handstwo hearts) Kids: (multiply) Pets: (multiply) Favourite Colour: (spouting whalegenie)‍ (male sign) (genie)‍ (female sign) (unicorn) Favourite Food: (hamburgerpizzabento boxchocolate bar)…
Ang ganda ganda ni mumshie!!! (loudly crying faceloudly crying facesmiling face with heart-eyes) We love you so much baby girl!
For my next self-taught trick I will climb the pole inverted (thumbs up) (light skin tone)
big factsss (hundred points)
Free Bibby (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
RT to be the next video's sister shoutout!! FESTIVAL RAINBOW MAKEUP + LOOKBOOK! (rainbow) HOW TO SLAY COACHELLA! …
I love both of my sports, giving all my time and effort for them (hundred points)
Lil Tay be talking that shit (face with tears of joyspeaking head)
Cardi B said “I could’ve did what you did to me to you a few times“ that shit hit me on every level (sleepy face)
How I like to chill (eggplanteggplant)
bro. That’s why we have this emoji (goblin) shook. We must all now use this emoji to represent a strap. We shall mark this day down…
Every thing I did for you, I did out of love. Don’t ever think you finessed me. (index pointing up) (medium-dark skin tone)
army, follow who retweet this (fire)
Never let your left hand know what your right hand is doing . Move in silence. (shushing face)
Well I think you're thinking of the end result, if I'm not mistaken (thinking face) Yup!! (winking faceface with tears of joyOK hand) (medium skin tone)
Never let your left hand know what your right hand is doing . Move in silence. (shushing face)
 (bearbearbear)family (smiling face with smiling eyes)
Apple Music still says OFF. I checked it.. (hand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tonehand with fingers splayed) (medium skin tone)
oh my gosh I literally have no old photos (persevering face) that's so cute (two hearts)
LETS GIVE SOME SUPPORT (firetrophy) KEEP VOTING ARMYs (folded hands) (light skin tone) → + (
I love (smiling face with heart-eyes)
We've been waiting for 3 years for this and it's finally happening (beaming face with smiling eyes)
 (warning)MARTE JERSEY GIVEAWAY (warning)We will GIVEAWAY an autographed STARLING MARTE jersey if we hit 8,500 followers by NEXT SUNDAY!…
Stolen from my bae (red heart)
I cry every time I see one of his videos because I never got to meet him (crying face)
 (warning) (double exclamation mark)ARMYs, we are currently behind in MTV LATIN AMERICA (double exclamation mark) (warning) (locked with key)Let’s unlock these as soon as possible (ballot box with ballot)899 RT (ballot box with ballot)229 Replie…
I hear they’re going to have a debt Jubilee, so I guess there’s going to be a barbecue. (winking face)
my braces cute ig (face with tears of joy)
If you have to tell people how powerful you are, then you have nothing (face with hand over mouth) Papa Pope is on (fire)
We are proud to be part of the Pittsburgh-Danish Energy Exchange :Denmark::United_States: This collaboration seeks to research, develop and i…
The only way to use this word, imo (grinning face with sweat)
Maybe because she’s doing homework (thinking face)
The maze runner 3 (blue heart)
Blue Wedge Click here (backhand index pointing right)
If you have to tell people how powerful you are, then you have nothing (face with hand over mouth) Papa Pope is on (fire)
“bust it baby” &amp; “shawty” by Plies will forever be my songs (upside-down face)
I only get cute by choice ! I be looking like a lil bum majority of the time (face with hand over mouth)
I just told Tina this. He definitely wasn’t ever sad and Ik he don’t want us sad (red heart)
this is so heart breaking!!! (broken heartbroken heartbroken heartloudly crying face)
need my soul took.. think that’s why I been so mad lately (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) shop
10 months down today wit my babygirl (face savoring foodhoney potsparkling heart)
Meet on (megaphone)The Thank You Tour!! Saturday June 2,2018 for a PRAISE (raising hands) (medium-dark skin tone)PARTY (woman dancing) (medium skin tone) * Tickets on Sale Now https…
This kitten was dodging traffic on a super busy road, but this lady on a motorcycle swooped in and changed his life (red heart) https://t.…
5k RETWEETS to drop this banger (clampsign of the horns) (dark skin tonechipmunk) Cc
most people: thank GOD the world didn’t end (anxious face with sweat) i was scared shitless! me: wow i didn’t do my homework because of this sh…
MOOD (smiling face with heart-eyesred heart)
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
I Luh You More Cutie (face blowing a kissred heart)
My Twin &amp; My Lover (crossed fingers) (medium skin tonering)
Lol I want to watch you guys talk about movie pas but ummmmm (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
You won't believe what Obama says in this video (winking face)
 (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)I be forgetting
I Luh You More Cutie (face blowing a kissred heart)
Love it.. (heart decorationheart decorationheart decoration)
Need moves this weekend NIU (exclamation question mark)CAB and BSU got you covered (double exclamation mark)Friday is CAB super smash green bash (it’s a carnival) and Sa…
I’d go to my middle school reunion over my high school reunion (face with tears of joy)
 (SOS button) URGENT TO BE KILLED 19TH APRIL 2018 (SOS button) I'm Mr Mo 24611. I am a male gray cat at the Manhattan Animal Care Center. I am about…
 (folded hands)Thank you for withdrawing your endorsement of GOP state senate candidate Julie Killian, who attacked
i need to start saving my money (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
my room is never actually "dirty" it's just CLOTHES (weary faceloudly crying face)
Cheeii, God has blessed me more than I asked for in the first place (folded hands) hello family hope u are having a great week so fa…
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
Nah you just emotionally abuse them and treat them like shit ... (smiling face)
After more than eight months indoors, these cows in Antrim finally got to venture out (cow)
I want to start boxing (grinning face with sweatgrinning face with sweatgrinning face with sweat)
 (folded hands)Thank you for withdrawing your endorsement of GOP state senate candidate Julie Killian, who attacked
" It's a cruel world, We've so much to lose." (broken heart)
yeah (face with tears of joy)
feel free to slide in (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
I found this thread about a month ago and I couldn’t be happier that I did (smiling face with smiling eyes) I won’t go into a super long thread but I do…
did you take that pic? sweet! we don't have leaves yet and now it's sleeting (slightly frowning face)
She's got bigger balls than he does that's for sure (clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands)
My brain already registered con and off (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
Working hard on our progressions!! (lollipop)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
It was written big bro! (writing hand) (medium-dark skin tone) preciate you
Expectation vs. Reality (upside-down faceperson getting haircut) (light skin tone)
I CANT BREATHE (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
All that love for Elliot after game two now they are pulling him (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Good reply you’ve got me there Oscar Wilde (relieved face)
 (basketball) RT &amp; FOLLOW If gets a TRIPLE DOUBLE, one of you are getting a (fire)HARDEN JERSEY (firefirefire) WIN $1,000,000…
I'm how they tweeted out they're on Amazon yet never bothered to tweet out the damn link (moai)
did you take that pic? sweet! we don't have leaves yet and now it's sleeting (slightly frowning face)
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMGGGGG!!! FINALLY!!! AND TOGETHER!!! (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
EXO-CBX is No.1 in Synnara Chart and officially sold out! Another record. Congrats king sub - unit (confetti ballorange heart) (glowing star) # 1 WW iTunes…
it’s really about the narrative ain’t it?! (OK hand) understanding the content’s context provides the story and connects the…
You can say I’m greedy, cause I always want more (face blowing a kiss)
I'll give you my number, when you text me, I block you (face with tears of joy)
Snitching health watch!!!! (beaming face with smiling eyes)
Bitches be acting so hurt whole time be cheating too (crying faceface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
My caption vs my boyfriend’s caption (upside-down face)
These pants undefeated (smiling face with open handstwo hearts) peep my haters in the back (face with tears of joyperson shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Lol holmes said “I’m a professional pooter, you can’t out poot me bro” (face with tears of joy)
Damn you ain’t have to put her out there like that (loudly crying face)
let my man do some shit like this (drooling face), we going home right then and there. (skull)
 (fast down button) watch (fast down button)
Yo! Sorry I haven’t updated about today’s stream! It’s my dad’s Bday today, so I’ve been hanging with him! (grinning face with big eyes) Stream…
I honestly just want to cry right now. (crying face)
This Dani (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Calling learners around the (globe showing Americasglobe showing Europe-Africaglobe showing Asia-Australia) The world needs YOUR voice! (megaphone) May 9, 2018 on (rocket)
Craving subway (crying face)
Even Newsweek didn’t try to spin this miserable piece of (pile of poo)
Who got Venmo? (smirking face) favorite and I’ll dm you (dollar banknotewinking face)
Zayn at Gigi's apartment in New York today. (camera): Getty
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
love &gt; distance (blue heartpurple heart)
Everybody was like “ I wonder if he know that’s a nigga or not “ guess not (skull)
Tan lindos (two hearts) (i need this work)
My copy of by arrived today and I am beyond excited to read it. (sunflowerfolded hands) (medium-light skin toneperson in lotus position) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (male sign)…
We got top shelf strains (firefirefire)and top grade products (shamrockfour leaf cloverherbleaf fluttering in wind) given for awesome (fuel pump)…
Honestly. Truly. (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
Makes you think (thinking facethinking facethinking facethinking facethinking face)
Yes we are the naggy moms who are gonna remind you to do the daily votings. But you know we love you gals/guys right (face blowing a kissface blowing a kiss)…
 (check box with check) ARMYs votar en (down arrow) (down arrow) (down arrow) (down arrow)
I keep something for my lips somewhere close to me no matter what, I don’t play that dry lip stuff lmao (weary face)
My aesthetic: watching the food network and writing my stats final paper (OK hand) (light skin tone)
u make me sOoOoOo happy (pensive face)
Thank u to everybody that came through and showed love (folded handsfolded hands) shout out to for holdin us…
man idgaf , i be ft malia knowing she laying right in the bed with david . he be hearing EVERYTHING (rolling on the floor laughing)
 (backhand index pointing left) Use this hashtag to vote for Dylan!!!!
This whole thread has me deceased but amen to self care (folded handsfolded hands)
Retweet if you followback (hundred pointskiss markhundred points)
 (loudspeaker)ARMY! (loudspeaker) (glowing star)Vote for to win the Kpop Explosion and Fandom of the year categories on the Brazil 20…
HAHAH I kno ugh I really thought it was gonna happen (sleepy face)
Fine’2 (smiling face with heart-eyes)
OMG YSY!! ONG IS GONNA MEET HIM?! YES PLZ BECAUSE YSY YOU CAN RECOMMEND ONG TO 2D1N PD (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy) That aside but another moment of On…
Why are dogs SO good at escaping?! (dog faceperson running)
Kim Jong In January 14, 1994 Suncheon, South Korea :South_Korea:
Been in it since college (face with tears of joy)
would you rather be stuck on a island with yixing or jackson? (eyes)
This is super cool (exploding headexploding headexploding headexploding head), how long did they practice ???
Her pussy whack (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
This is super cool (exploding headexploding headexploding headexploding head), how long did they practice ???
rt for good luck (zany face)
 (beating heart) you’ve taught me that we are all queens, we are capable of anything we put our mind to and mental illness doe…
Whenever my cousin FTs me she screams “kuya” as loud as she can (face with tears of joy)
TONIGHT: at Got your tickets? Arrive early and enjoy. (door)open: 7:00pm Special guest
LA sun is the best sun (sun) (sun with face)
wasn't lying when she said "For the record, I set records" in one of her latest hits, (microphone) After the recent releas…
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Found an old story synopsis/summary from when I was around 18/19, can’t believe I wrote something so corny-sounding (ear of corn). M…
 (face with tears of joy) this gif makes everything funny. This don’t count
Safe to say I love Stormi Webster as much as my own kids. Her smile just melts my (two hearts), just wait till her teefers come in (smiling face with heart-eyes).
Ion like seein my niggas streesed bout no female (person facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign) Even tho i be stressed myself (face with tears of joydouble exclamation mark)
Together (two hearts) created using the April Creative Kit from featuring
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
How life is currently going (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
As I’m taking these nudes I realize that I need a breast lift or smaller titties (weary face)
oh hey (yellow heart)
happy birthday to blackpink lisa's mom! (party popperrevolving hearts) thank you for giving birth to a kind, warm hearted &amp; beautiful daughter like…
I’m dead over here. (face with tears of joy)
So today was signing day (grimacing face)
Kendrix!
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party (loudly crying face)
Thank you. Needed to see this today. (smiling face with smiling eyes)
On God (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
I’m dead over here. (face with tears of joy)
[INFO] has already reached 1,000,000 views on YouTube! (party popper) NCTzens please continue streaming! (green heart) https://t…
{\__/} ( • w •) sending love to my friends / &gt; (revolving hearts)&lt; {\__/} ( • w •) (revolving hearts) (heart with arrow) / &gt; &gt; (sparkling heart) (green heart) (orange heart) (purple heart)…
Falling for him wasn’t falling at all. It was walking into a house and suddenly knowing you’re home (black heart)
I followed my dad around with a confetti cannon for a couple weeks... (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Here we go!! Tomorrow night is the beginning of the live shows! Get ready to vote for my (cowboy hat face). Download app an…
If yo ass fat , I’m gon look. End of story (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
 (balance scale) Kobach in Contempt Of Court (double exclamation mark)People were supposed to be notified by order of Judge. (memo) Kobach did not notify the…
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (deciduous tree)
u ever just (red heart) (heart suit) (cherry blossomhibiscusrevolving heartstwo heartshibiscusred heart) (growing heartred heart) (sparkling hearthibiscustwo heartsroseheart suit) (revolving heartsheart suit) (cherry blossomtwo heartssparkling heartred heart) (growing heartcherry blossomtwo heartshibiscustwo heartsheart suit) (heart suit) (two heartstwo heartshibiscushibiscussparkling heartred heart) (growing heartred heart) (two heartshibiscustwo heartsheart suit) (sparkling hearttwo heartsroseheart suit) (rosetwo heartssparkling heartcherry blossomred heart) (cherry blossomtwo heartsgrowing heartcherry blossomcherry blossomgrowing heartsparkling heartcherry blossomgrowing heart)
Dost (beaming face with smiling eyesgreen heart)
Your not much better (grinning facegrinning facegrinning face)
they are testing us (skull)
Follow everyone who retweets and likes this (deciduous tree)
summer clothes most def finna be lit (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyes)
What if I just left right now and never came back (smiling face with horns)
Twitter do your thing (flexed biceps) (medium skin tone)
Thoughts and prayers with the Popovich family (folded hands)
i love this sweatshirt so much :,) (smiling face with open handslipstickblue heartorange heart)
More NUPES (diamond suit) 4.23.18 Pull Up
Dost (beaming face with smiling eyesgreen heart)
Imagine: You laying flat with yo back arched &amp; (peach) tooted up taking backshots (eggplant) while he holding both of your arms with one han…
LIT The Series Trouble is Near (smiling face with hornscollision) Season 2 Spring 2018 Directed By Produced By
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! (rolling on the floor laughing) mess! (face with tears of joy)
Playoff P is still (firefire)
“I dont need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick” bit homo but still (syringefire)
That woulda been hella corn. I blame genius again! (rolling on the floor laughing) mess! (face with tears of joy)
LIVE NOW: is launching into space to search for new planets. (rocket)→ …
Smoke sesh and sleepover after work (smiling face with heart-eyesdashing away)
BEING a wife to your "boyfriend" doesn't guarantee marriage!!‍ (male sign)
You can NOT get to know a woman by asking “wyd” all damn day (unamused faceperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (male sign)
 (smiling face with halo) check this out—if i follow you, you get this below(bragging rights, make friends envy u) This not hard. …
Charlie Wilson just came on... and I said "Mr. Fleming" (weary face) he use to play that every morning breakfast time @ Hillho…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
I hate that my nail place is right by Freddy’s (weary faceface with tears of joy)
Howard’s End! (grinning squinting facegrinning squinting facegrinning squinting facegrinning squinting face)
These ppl are truly F-ed up!! (unamused face)
Howard’s End! (grinning squinting facegrinning squinting facegrinning squinting facegrinning squinting face)
JUNGKOOK JUST IMITATED NARUTO I CANT BREATHE, HE IS SO EXTRA AND ADORABLE BABY (copyright)123095tete
ARMY, please keep streaming “Don’t Leave Me” on Spotify! (flexed bicepspurple heart) (glowing star)Premium or PC user (right arrow)stream the song on repeat (repeat single button)…
A lonely place where people realize the real peace of life..!! Waterfall (OK handOK handOK hand)
Best skin of all time. Maybe I can cop (pensive facepensive face)
Oh yes (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
 (weary face) b*ch I BEEN North
A listening ear is also a running mouth (speaking headdouble exclamation mark)
You don't need to be sorry! (face with tears of joysee-no-evil monkey).
somebody said the “the grudge” boy looks like jisung (skull)
Niggas b too thirsty 4 me. (confused face) that’s not attractive.
Meek money (smiling face with heart-eyessmiling face with heart-eyeszany facedrooling face)
TWICE Jihyo literally run to give Stray Kids mic to sing!!! (loudly crying face) We love leader and sister with pretty face and pretty! (smiling face with heart-eyes)…
The Korver Kounter is out in full force! (fire) (fire) (fire) (fire)
LeBron scored the Cavs first 16 points of the game (firefirefire)
Showing lots of love for ahead of Game 2. (memo)
Thank u sm, ppl like u make me feel safer (heart suit)
TWICE(트와이스) "What is Love?" M/V 50,000,000 VIEWS (red heart) ONCE is Love (red heart) Thank You
This literally makes my heart so happy (two heartstwo heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
I can tell you why people go insane (headphone)
When EXOLs were mentioned and the boys smiled so big (grinning face with big eyessmiling face with heart-eyes) You can see the love and adoration they have for us (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
 (purple heart)follow (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing leftpurple heart)
Retweet if you followback (hundred pointskiss markhundred points)
Add my BACKUP page I just created ——-&gt; (tonguegrowing hearthoney pot) FOLLOW ASAP for some nudes
me to the all the sundresses I'm going to parade around in this summer (smiling face with sunglasses)
TOO SOON. (loudly crying face)
 (hundred points)already know sep coming fast asl
A fantastic day at the office for Marin Cilic. (check mark button) Into R3 (check mark button) (party popper) win No. 450 (play button)
Porsha is my gurl (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)
really enjoying these videos that is sending me of her jamming out (face with tears of joybeating heart)
Preparations are in full swing :United_States: (raised fist) (light skin tone)
I always felt insecure and hated the way I looked... (unamused face) When I discovered this that all changed FAST! (smiling face) (fire) My discovery went…
needing to do it anyway so you can perfect your art and the packaging for it ? priceless (sad but relieved face)
LETS GO PRYOR!! (microphone)
man im still crying at this (skull)
Hammock jamz (call me hand) (medium-light skin tonetwo hearts) (sorry for the double post) • • • • •
All praise to the most high bless up (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
When your boss save your life by bring corn bread and chili (folded hands) (medium-light skin tonebeaming face with smiling eyes)
No matter what’s going on, stay 10 toes (footprintsface with hand over mouth)
All praise to the most high bless up (folded hands) (medium skin tone)
What anime are you watching this season?? Tell me your favorites (grimacing face)
Preparations are in full swing :United_States: (raised fist) (light skin tone)
I thought u were a good driver =] (vulcan salute)
our queen of english (face with tears of joy)
I thought u were a good driver =] (vulcan salute)
Former (owl) Kendrick Ray is getting interest from at least 6 NBA teams due to his epic rookie season! (firefirefire) …
wish i had someone i could cake on ft with constantly besides brenda (face with tears of joy)
I live through you (beer mugbeer mugbeer mugbeer mug)
Kobe Bryant once scored 63 points when he was 8 years old (eyesgoat)
Pakistan’s great wall against Al-Qaeda (backhand index pointing down) (medium-light skin tone)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying face)he said he ate noodles frm the toilet
This is why I don’t reply to people on Facebook. Y’all listen to this (face with tears of joyperson facepalming) (medium-dark skin tone)‍ (female sign)
it just feels right ya know? (person shrugging) (medium-light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
fresh ah (face with tears of joythumbs up) (light skin tone)
Don’t hmu if we gone have a convo like this (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
who care about me except my family and who want to listen my story (sleeping face)
Baekhyun went live and I'm so grateful I could catch it ! (loudly crying face)He is the most sincere and loving person I've ever seen and I'm…
Oreo Donuts (flushed face)
I can’t handle this (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
Marrying late or not marrying at all is better than marrying wrong. Best advice my brother ever gave me. (OK hand) (medium-dark skin tone)
You’re not worthless!! You’re an amazing ass person ! (smiling face with open hands) I miss you!
I’m almost positive I was one of the first people calling shorty and even if I wasn’t it feels like I am so ... credit taken (face with tears of joyhundred points)
I was riding for these niggas before they rode for themselves (hundred points)
Multiple artists showing respect for Eminem (goat)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) it's even worse when you're drunk
THE ASTHMA PUMP THOOOO (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joyloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face).
give this some love (B button (blood type))oys i’m feeling ugly lol
Shame on for calling Police (face with tears of joy)
Greg Popovich’s wife passed away today (pensive face) Prayers up for Greg and his family (folded hands)
Make it happen. Shock everyone! (graduation cap)
Indian sam had good fuck with one of his GF (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) carmen gemini anal www sexy wab video w…
When you realize your 5 page paper is due at midnight (upside-down face)
No cigarettes (person gesturing NO) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
1.5 million Puerto Ricans are without power again, right now. They are Americans. :Puerto_Rico: :United_States:
This year has been so busy for me and I kind of like it and kind of hate it but you know, at least it is something. (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (male sign)
give this some love (B button (blood type))oys i’m feeling ugly lol
Everyone wanted him dead (smiling face with horns)
Something you and I have not seen before.. Make sure you share (person gesturing NOraising handsraising handsfire)
I love the song by Chris Brown - Freaky Friday, please please play it!!!! (upside-down face)
Mum... I love him! (loudly crying facered heart) cr. BestOfMe_0912
Venice, Italy :Italy:
“That scent is so bad. You can’t go outside. You can’t go outside and cook anything because the flies take over.” (pensive face) http…
This why they hating (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) natural mama (crown)
What is it like to volunteer with (thinking face) (fire engine) Find out from Bryan Eisen, one of their many valued volunt…
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
I only have my laptop for now (loudly crying face)
 (lipstick) The Most Popular Dating Site (kiss mark) Free online sex dating (fire) (fire) (fire) https://…
 (smiling face with heart-eyes)Follow me and everyone who retweet this.
Thank you I Love you babygirl (beating heartkissing face with closed eyes)
CORY CONACHER!!!! (police car light)
Guys, I have heard becoming a parent helps (face with tears of joy)
I’ll take the cat. (loudly crying face)
 (video camera): little_milo_munchkin
Way too much like calm down sis cause you was just feeling all up on Hakeem and stuff backstage so.... (stop signraised hand) (medium skin toneperson facepalming) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Homeland is cancelled?! I just started it (flushed faceweary face)
Creed was so underrated (face with tears of joy)
 (dropletbutterfly)raingurl (butterflydroplet)
I’ll take the cat. (loudly crying face)
Follow everyone who likes this (beaming face with smiling eyes)
I love my Honda but I kinda wish I'd gotten a newer model Maxima now (weary facedrooling face)
I would love to read the headlines on this if his gun go off... (thinking face)
Mommy getting stuffed with dick RN (grimacing faceman dancing) (medium-dark skin tone) *listen to end
great acting in your music video (OK hand)
Click the Taco Bell button (bell) or another Taco Bell closes in Canada (taco)
Talk about Tee-ing off! today: 4 hits, 4 RBI, 2 runs Oh, we have a 9-4 lead. (winking face)
I need my girlfriend so bad r'n (loudly crying face) just to hug n squeeze the t'f out her (two hearts)
His beautiful long legs (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Get through the week &amp; tune into the on (fast-forward button) ft. music 24/7 from our friends
Lmaooo Paige (face with tears of joy)
SASSY VIDEO OUT NOW (nail polish) (medium-dark skin tonering)
I guess my dad is afraid of airhorns too... (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign)
Told people waaaay back I would make something out of myself (dragon face)
happy bday can’t wait to see you in may (beating heartbeating heart)
Ong going to the jungle when he's scared of bugs... my dear boy.... good luck? (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
[ (video camera)] Photobook de Dispatch x via.: BTS_InSpain2018
the only upgrade that matters (victory hand)
Oh my oh my (speak-no-evil monkey)
First win (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (male sign)
SORRY FOR THE WAIT. (sparkles)
Back flip burpees CAUTION : (collisioncollision)NOT FOR THE NORMAL (collisioncollision) This is how I decided to finish out my…
This is 2nd time falling asleep on our Applebee’s date (unamused face)
Follow everyone who Retweets and Likes this &amp;reply"ifb" to Gain more Followers fast! (person surfing) (red heart) And
you're so fvcking precious when you (sparkling heartrevolving heartsheart with ribbongrowing heartsparkling hearttwo heartstwo heartsheart with arrowheart decorationbeating heartheart with ribbonsparkling heart) (heart with ribbon) give L…
here’s my shooting range (sleeping face)
Respect for PAC (red heart)
Look at the reactions from Jcole’s listening party (loudly crying face)
cnn only talks about Peeing on people. Keep up the good work Dan Bongino. (folded handsfolded hands):United_States::United_States:
Or he/she fell on the train tracks (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
You are absolutely right babes (pensive face) force the change I say. Too many girls been patient enough! 2024? I got…
New hat (video camera): cattery_greycat
Uh oh (thinking facethinking face) watch out for
Happy Birthday to (party popper)
Daughter's hockey practice (ice hockey) means time to make a few more for (soft ice cream) https:/…
OneDay we will be just Don't give up and keep going (TOP arrowflexed bicepsflexed biceps)
Tomorrow, April 19th, I’m declaring a (police car light)RED Alert (police car light) ALL DAY as we the as your look…
Miss those days (loudly crying face) or when you’d fall asleep in the car and get carried to your bed (smiling face with heart-eyes)
Update: Troy said yes to us getting a kitten. (smiling face)
Star of excellence for everyone (glowing star).
i hate the word no.... like what the fuck is a no (neutral face)
Papi f•u•c•k•e•d Mami (rosesmiling face with heart-eyes) I got served with some juicy, hard, wet and throbbing D (eggplant) tonight. Don’t miss it exclusively on my…
FUCK YEAH FINALLY!!! (folded hands) (light skin tonecrossed fingers) (light skin tonefiredashing away)
Bts - Park Jimin (man dancingnerd face)
Everyday I’m paper chasing (speaking head)
Why has my hair gone all out, impromptu Farrah Fawcett on me;? AT THIS TIME (watchface with steam from noseexploding head)!
Happy Birthday, Tomato Princess!! (tomatocrownrose)
I’ll be in SJC in one week. (victory hand) (medium skin tone)
Joyaaa (smiling face with sunglasses)
1st half: 29 pts 8 reb 4 ast 12/16 FG The maestro (musical score)
Goodnight (smiling face with sunglassesblossomtulipherb)
A little late on my end but as promised here you guys go! (wrapped gift) ASUS ROG Swift Gaming Monitor Giveaway (smiling face with open hands) Tag Your Friends (revolving hearts) Retwee…
 (camera) suicidesquads: I definitely related to her her power and purpose. Okoye was very purposed and I think...
BREAKING NEWS (double exclamation mark) (double exclamation mark): I am super soft and cry a lot so please don’t yell at me i’ll think about it for 13 years (talking to…
 (glowing star)Get this tweet to 399 replies! (glowing star) (right arrow)We are running behind in this category! (warningbackhand index pointing down)
Yeesssss booooo (two heartstwo heartstwo hearts)
 (double exclamation mark) HELLO EVERYONE (double exclamation mark) Visited the Oriental Art Gallery in SF. Shes literally the cutest old person ever, and it was her birthd…
wish i could retweet this (face with tears of joyface with tears of joy)
yall ct (smirking face) hmu for the addyyyy (zany face)
Soooo I want some guidance from my upper classman . Who’s willing to be a guide ? (smiling face)
Retweet or 7 years bad luck (face with tears of joy)
People logged in to say goodbye and destroy Tilted Towers before the meteor could. (folded hands) (h/t
Happy Birthday, Tomato Princess!! (tomatocrownrose)
I NOW HAVE AN ONLINE SHOP! RT to support. I love you all forever. Thank you so much for the love. (dizzy)
they (worried face)
 (fast down button) watch (fast down button)
Fuck it lil 5 (smiling face with open hands)
Brought the short hair back. | (scissors) |
If it’s FREE you know it’s for meeeeee!!! Come out next Saturday and kick it with us (smiling face with heart-eyes) https://…
FB Healthy is a Trend update (video camera) &gt;&gt;
The softball team won tonight against Mt. Gilead 21-3. hit 2 home runs and Alyssa Perkins hit 1! Way to go ladies (winking face with tonguesmirking face)
Happy birthday to Celebrate his greatest roles with this photo retrospective! What's your favorite? (right arrow) https://t…
 (butterfly) look I found the blue butterfly that went missing
Tennessee’s state flower is so beautiful (smiling face with heart-eyes) These can be found along every major highway at any time of year! https://t…
 (collision)YOU GO GIRL (clapping handsclapping handsclapping hands) Bringin' the heat (oncoming fistoncoming fistoncoming fistoncoming fist)
 (victory hand) (medium skin tone)IS IT JUST ME...It appears there will be NO sleeping. (middle finger) (medium skin tone)
JessicaJung by rrong2 (mouse faceheart with arrow)
shares adorable videos of Stormi. (smiling face with heart-eyes)
 (camera with flash) VIXX teams up with DAZED magazine in latest pictorial~!
JessicaJung by rrong2 (mouse faceheart with arrow)
 (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face) there was shit on the floor i started crying
Lmfaooooojsjsjs not today I won’t with y’all (weary face)
Alejandra_Tica 10 (red heart)s! Your tweet has been liked by 10 people.
aaaand that's all folks !! (sparkles) thank you all so much for participating in the event. it was a blast!! next time, we'll be more o…
 (warning) MTV LATIN AMERICA (warning) est. total as of 04/19 (8 AM KST) KPOP REVOLUTION 1. G : 961.7K+ (police car light) 2. BTS: 952.5K+ PLEASE USE…
Wednesdays.. (candy)
Just listed! Open Sunday 1-4pm. 2204 Elkesworth Place, El Dorado Hills $799,000, 4Bed3Bath, 3,111 ft. (star-struck) …
Sally 04 (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) sally bollywood porn movie
Can someone care about me? That's all I want (crying face)
Nigga fuckaround &amp; confess (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyweary face)
This dood is (bat) (pile of poo) crazy.
Get some DAMN HELP this man looking like he going to collapse carrying this team (neutral face)
brennan and warren (person shrugging) (medium skin tone)‍ (female sign) (eyes)
Same (folded hands)
Sally 04 (backhand index pointing right) (backhand index pointing left) sally bollywood porn movie
I’m finally reading and I kinda regret putting it off for this long... 260 pages in and still not a Chaol fan (person shrugging) (light skin tone)‍ (female sign)
We can do this, ARMYs! (folded hands)
people who said jin can't sing foun--- not found at all (winking face) cr. owner
I need to wake them up (sneezing face)
I only get cute by choice ! I be looking like a lil bum majority of the time (face with hand over mouth)
Much love (smiling face with heart-eyesweary facefire)
Last flight of the day, I hope everybody falls asleep, because beverage service is not on my agenda (weary face)
Thank you (smiling face with smiling eyes)
These Black Women listening to Taylor Swift’s cover of “September” by Earth, Wind, and Fire is SENDING ME (loudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying faceface with tears of joyloudly crying face) http…
 (balloon)i find big balloons over my head, sorey, what it is.that you wanna tell me?
Actually, I am “hypomanicking” nga. (face with tears of joyface with tears of joyface with tears of joy) Antayin nyo ang depressed mood ko in two weeks (flushed faceflushed faceflushed face) (loudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying faceloudly crying face)
